Gwenevere Abriel: Good morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you having a rough one,
Brittney: Yeah.
Get
Brittney: My mom's gonna walk through briefly just to get a shirt upstairs and her dogs are gonna bark. So I'm just making you aware of
Gwenevere Abriel: These are things I am used to his clients, no worries.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, let me get get a note open here. All right. How much sleep did you get last night.
Brittney: Oh, six hours.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Not too shabby.
Brittney: Yeah yeah
Brittney: I'm just going some pain. This morning, a better my pains increased a lot this last couple weeks.
Brittney: To get my IUD changed out tonight and I'm pretty terrifying.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so that's scary. You're afraid of what what doctor will say,
Brittney: I'm afraid of the pain. What's actually really painful.
Gwenevere Abriel: During the procedure.
Brittney: Yeah, because they're pulling it out of your cervix. So they have to like open your cervix to
Brittney: Shake it out and put it back in. And I've already been like the pain of
Brittney: Like menstrual cramps, but I also have hip pain that flares and it's just it all seems to be connected. I really think I've had to meet your SS, but there's no way to get natural like this is without surgery so
Brittney: I'm hoping that getting my ID renewed like the hormones will help with the payments.
Brittney: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good. You're in the solution. So it's just a right now at some data gathering and you do have some fear about about additional pain and
Gwenevere Abriel: That pain is similar, because you've had it removed before. And how many years ago is that
Brittney: How to Remove that it put in
Brittney: Close was the first time I'm having it removed and replaced so
Gwenevere Abriel: What is this the same doctor that you worked with before.
Brittney: You though.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you talked with this doctor gods or fears.
Brittney: About this and this person before. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what do you feel like you're ready to talk with them about hey I had this pain. What it, what are some ideas of what she can do
Brittney: I talked to them about it already and I talked to the
Brittney: endo specialists and he said, I would be a candidate for surgery of others, no definitive answer unless you go have them open up your insights. She's kind of discouraging.
Gwenevere Abriel: But on the immediate IUD removal replacement that part though the pain management has that discussion happened.
Brittney: Um, no, no, not really.
Brittney: I mean,
Brittney: They're giving me a muscle relaxer about four years ago. And I'm just going to take a bunch of person so
Brittney: I think I'll just try to breeze through it, you know, just trying to because I feel it's going to make the quality of my life better. Richard Pryor, it does because it's been three weeks.
Brittney: I just hope. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's say you're on a little. I don't know. Just remind me and the doc was asking. And I didn't know how much Suboxone you're on right now.
Brittney: point seven five milligrams or
Brittney: They haven't been able to taper much more from
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay point seven five.
Brittney: Milligrams yeah yeah I tried. I tried to talk down
Brittney: Working
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, so obviously outside my lane, but I've certainly seen Dr. Aubrey yell and Dr. Solomon, of whom I there is a group today at noon just it's just information do with it what you will
Gwenevere Abriel: What they've done is when there's, you know, wrist surgery or gallbladder removal or something's going on. I've watched them use the Suboxone for pain management right you're at such a low dose. The only risky part. Well, not the only let me change the change that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is then we're revisiting coming back down again which right you've worked really hard for this progress.
Brittney: Yeah, I don't know. I don't want to do that.
Brittney: Sir, I'm just going to try. I mean, people do this every day when the time though so right.
Brittney: And so
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm saying all of it, saying that part and then I'm also talking about pain doesn't kill you right. We think it does, because that message coming through.
Gwenevere Abriel: But we can say this is this is going to help me this pain is a message something if I'm doing something important.
Gwenevere Abriel: But maybe we can spend some time if if you wanted to.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do whatever you want today.
Gwenevere Abriel: But if you want to. We can do some desensitization. Let's say we really do that somatic focus
Gwenevere Abriel: And we put in some positive imagery and right as she or he is coming in and they're starting these procedures, you're hearing the Clanking of metal, you're
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. You're starting to become aware you're pulling in that that old feeling thinking it's going to be like that again.
Gwenevere Abriel: But maybe we can kind of weave in some positive imagery, so that you can very much go somewhere and you say, oh, there it is.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then it's okay. And is it more or less, and is it staying the same. What is it doing now, which is very different than
Gwenevere Abriel: I shouldn't be happening. It shouldn't be happening shouldn't be happening, which is what most people are doing this is, this is awful. I shouldn't have to be in pain. I've been a fan, my whole life. Right. So that's this whole other way of mindset of approaching the relationship to pain.
Gwenevere Abriel: What we you what what do you want from, say, oh, we
Can go back to
Brittney: That game plan now. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So goal shifts relationship to pain this morning. Really, that's kind of the orientation. All right, let's do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's see.
Brittney: My mom was pulling in just
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so it gets
Brittney: Really
Gwenevere Abriel: We're not doing trauma history stuff so right.
Good timing.
Brittney: And they're gonna keep forcing
Brittney: Those
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey got something to say.
Brittney: Mark
Gwenevere Abriel: I picked up an overpriced.
Gwenevere Abriel: Really, truly. I'm not even say how much it was it was bought at
Gwenevere Abriel: The airport. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it was, it was really expensive, but it's actually, it's cold here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so he's got this on and and
Brittney: My mom has them in these little jerseys are
Brittney: Fast sweaters. But, but the next keep them from sleeping comfortably because there was
Brittney: A big like hoodies, he said he's
Brittney: He
Gwenevere Abriel: Is a he is truly being
Brittney: Sad.
Gwenevere Abriel: Chili bean.
Gwenevere Abriel: Chili be
Gwenevere Abriel: Chubby guy. He's so he's got we're normally he's
Gwenevere Abriel: He's pretty I'm not like not a shaky to our but today.
Gwenevere Abriel: Eight because he's actually told
Brittney: You
Gwenevere Abriel: Here's a cutie. I mean, he's ugly cute.
Gwenevere Abriel: One of those faces that only a mother could love but
Brittney: You know I love them.
Brittney: I used to have a pug. So I understand.
Well, we can just do
Gwenevere Abriel: Got some
Of the top
Gwenevere Abriel: Three years ago, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go zero to 10
Gwenevere Abriel: What's been the worst.
Gwenevere Abriel: Never mind that that part. Let's go to
Gwenevere Abriel: worst pain.
Gwenevere Abriel: Physical pain you've ever been.
Brittney: Ever been and why
Gwenevere Abriel: Was that injury.
Brittney: Like all pain is different.
Brittney: Ways.
Brittney: Go to the most pain. I've ever had. It wasn't when I got my finger off getting a tonal removed and getting the shots and your toes pretty horrific.
Well,
Brittney: I went through a ton of really terrible like constipation.
Brittney: Yeah, like towards the end there. And then even when I first switched over to the Suboxone that was excruciating Lee painful, like, to the point where I was doing enemas multiple times a day, like
Brittney: Go had to like assist at times like really asked you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did we ever give you, um, I forget who because you're not in group, but often did I give you the poop potion that what to take for just on a regular basis.
Brittney: I have a tea that works well for me. I tried a bunch of other stuff. And it wasn't working, but the team works very
Brittney: It's easy to drink so
Gwenevere Abriel: What is it, maybe I'll look it up.
Brittney: And grab it.
Brittney: See it, it's called
Brittney: It's called Smooth move
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, that's funny.
Brittney: Move. Move. It has something that starts with an S that makes you go, Okay, what it's called. It's a natural thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, what if we did if those aren't really distinctive from one another. Cut finger off off your finger.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I never even noticed that. Look how clueless. I am
Brittney: People doubt and we're on video, you know, makes it hard.
Brittney: But I, I cut it off and I drove by maximum sports are fine. Okay. All right. I'm
Brittney: Trying to do it or was trying to do a willy of a bike came up and I like push it away from me. The seat and I fell on top of it. Yeah. And I guess my hand went into the chain and it just
Brittney: But I didn't hurt so bad and
Gwenevere Abriel: Isn't that amazing
Brittney: Mina it shocked probably
Brittney: wasn't working. But getting an ID change though.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, we're gonna get there get there.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we have the endorphins.
Gwenevere Abriel: Kicking is that that body new to take care of it. I knew what to do right there. And you also work. It was no trepidation no build up. Hey, I'm not 20 seconds.
Gwenevere Abriel: So there's all right that piece. So if we have maybe dirt, by no toenail. How about toenail horrid terrible constipation zero to 10. What are we thinking
Brittney: internal politics.
Brittney: so awful.
Gwenevere Abriel: My stomach turns. Every time you say
Brittney: I had cut out where the words to you, but one time. The doctor, though the way
Brittney: But yeah, horrible.
Gwenevere Abriel: This this this is not like, you know, going into medicine. You don't have to be sure about the number. Just give me one. So we can go to the IUD stuff.
Okay.
Brittney: Let's close this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go. Oh, so really high. Okay, there we go.
Brittney: Well, I mean, out of as far as like
Gwenevere Abriel: Exactly. Yeah. You know what I've got this this to our squeaking. I'm wondering if yes up I'm going to drop him out. But while I do. It's only takes a second now be thinking about go back to that three year
Gwenevere Abriel: And I want you to think about right maybe giving a number two the psychological anguish of predicted right that future apprehension and if there was any or and then the physical pain. There was probably a press of pressure pain, too, isn't it, right. It's a pole maybe kind of thing.
Brittney: Yeah, it's just like a deep weird
Gwenevere Abriel: Mood, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so
Gwenevere Abriel: See if we can find a number for that one. And I'm going to drop this the shaky animal off here.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, what do we think
Brittney: I would say
Brittney: Six or seven
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Now as you study
Brittney: Something, but the emotional
Brittney: Emotional that like a
Brittney: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know the story I'm making up about it. I've got one in my head.
Got a little hypothesis.
For you.
Gwenevere Abriel: The connection between right what an IUD does right what is
Brittney: That whole concept of it, you're
Gwenevere Abriel: Using it sort of for this byproduct of the emotional right the hormonal regulation piece but like I just wonder if there was a connection to
Brittney: Something else.
Brittney: Yeah, I think it's all, it's all especially because I don't know what's going on with my body right now. So I've just been really stressed out about my mental
Gwenevere Abriel: So, not knowing
Brittney: Yeah, that's it's hard to
Brittney: To deal with not knowing because then you're just like, constantly speculating so
Brittney: Okay, there's something missing. Don't want to be with
Brittney: Web MD over here.
So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Today,
Gwenevere Abriel: What is your
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's take a look at some some beliefs for a minute.
Gwenevere Abriel: What is your belief about yourself when you picture.
Gwenevere Abriel: So there's two things. One is going to be this past image right when you
Brittney: Sort of picture that worst moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of three years ago, having an IUD place.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, what's your belief about yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Today, so hold that negative picture, three years ago. And what's your belief about yourself today.
Brittney: No, I don't see a clear
Gwenevere Abriel: It's okay. Try these are hard. They're hard for everybody to get to try, try, and I am so
Brittney: Pull up from memory nervous.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a feeling
Brittney: And terrified.
Gwenevere Abriel: Also feeling
So let's be
Brittney: Fearful
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, feelings. So let's now let's go to a belief about the self. So how about we change the phase two, I believe I am
Gwenevere Abriel: Never emotion.
Brittney: Oh,
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: See
Gwenevere Abriel: You get the concept of like identity. Right.
I'm a good person.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is the belief about the self. I'm worthy.
Brittney: Week.
Brittney: I'm not so
Brittney: Sure. When I think about that moment, I don't feel like I okay a week. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's probably because this week strong are good at these polarities you've brought up before so that that actually might have some some truth to it. So I am weak. See, picture, picture that right
Brittney: Your
Gwenevere Abriel: Where are you, you're laying on a table, kind of, where are you in that
Brittney: Yeah, you know, like a little
Brittney: Thing with your feet and the things
Gwenevere Abriel: On loving those moments.
Brittney: SO HORRIBLE. You know, there's just so much negative association with just the table.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are there other negative associations with that particular table like that with the strap thing. Are there other history of
Brittney: Yeah, I had at one point I got HPV, that was causing some cellular mutations. So they have to go in and like burn those cells off of my cervix. So that sucked.
Brittney: And I got the Gardasil shot to so so much for that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sheesh. That's discouraging.
Really thought, though. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Okay, so we've got all right, some history in there. And was it effective
Brittney: That treatment. Yeah.
Brittney: As far as I'm aware, I have had a bad Pap smear, so it's okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So uncomfortable experience.
Gwenevere Abriel: When they were doing the burning. You could feel it or did they
Brittney: Did they. Yeah, they did shots and then
Brittney: What was probably the most painful thing to do a biopsy. So they go in there with like this little basically like a paper.
Brittney: hole punch.
Brittney: You like take a chunk better you that really sucked.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how long did the suck part, meaning
Brittney: Is just quick but
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, like
Brittney: It's just, it's such an uncomfortable part of your body. This is like, whoa, this isn't supposed to be happening.
Brittney: What are you doing, and there
Gwenevere Abriel: Has to be a happy place in there.
Yeah.
Brittney: I don't have happy associations. Now, especially with if I do have endometriosis. There's chances of infertility. It's pretty much a lifelong pain so
Brittney: That sucks.
Brittney: Though
Gwenevere Abriel: That was my hypothesis was that one. That's what I wonder
Brittney: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So when you say my emotional pain attached is 15 I was running this little thing behind my my mind like this because a lot of your stuff. I mean, when I listened to you tell me if this is wrong.
Gwenevere Abriel: But your, your, your stuff is hip.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right here.
Brittney: Like
Oh, here.
Gwenevere Abriel: I've been sitting here and I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, little, little bit of time anyway that we've been working together, and it's just I keep going.
Gwenevere Abriel: Huh, you know, like
Gwenevere Abriel: Having children.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not having children.
Gwenevere Abriel: Having not
Brittney: Yeah, I feel like at some point I want them. I think that option would suck.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here we go, not having the option. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, just for a second. What would be nice about not having children.
Brittney: No chance to screw up any humans.
Brittney: Like from birth.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey,
Brittney: I'm scared about the the world and
Brittney: Events that may or may not happen in the future. So, those, those things are positive.
Brittney: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you, you want the option.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, because right maybe your perspective on yourself in the world may change maybe through
Gwenevere Abriel: Psychotherapy or you're on self reflection and growth and development and healing.
Gwenevere Abriel: That may change. It'd be nice to have that option.
Brittney: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you're also missing some information. So you've decided to be what tell me which feelings, you're feeling when you say an emotional edit 15. What are those feelings. I, I know there's some no doubt here, but I really do want to hear your words.
Brittney: I feel I'm lovable.
Gwenevere Abriel: Really around that.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, you mean like romantically. Is that where you're going with it. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Dear yeah
Brittney: Now I see why does it seem
Brittney: Like a very social, emotional person that
Brittney: You hear myself complaining about being at the top there's not. No, I'm not.
Brittney: obsessing
Brittney: I feel like I'm annoyed with people be talking about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not annoying.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Not to me not.
Brittney: Using me for an hour.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you also. But it's also a prolific complaint, like I could if I wanted to get annoyed. I could
Gwenevere Abriel: Write
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, but instead I hear it as a for me right my worldview. Is there some real messaging going on in that part of your body. That's what I do with it. So what am I going to not listen, not be very clinical
Brittney: So what I've been doing for four or five years. I think that was a big A big field for my addiction that I didn't even realize it was trying to avoid feeling
Brittney: It made it easier to work out and stuff like I was working out five times a week, even after I quit or in the last month I've struggled to go twice a week.
Brittney: Yeah. Do you
Gwenevere Abriel: Remember, you remember the original goal is, we were going to kind of talk about this relationship with pain so
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's, um, let's get a little history of
Gwenevere Abriel: The earliest time you've had that i'm i'm unlovable.
Gwenevere Abriel: Try not to force it into a box just see if you can go back to the earliest or most intense memory. You don't have to stay there long. You don't even have to tell me what it is.
Brittney: But how old you associated with pain or just
Gwenevere Abriel: Know I'm unlovable. I feel unlovable.
Brittney: I can't remember.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Brittney: To some degree, um, one of the biggest moments that comes to mind is when my dad basically told me and Haley, that if we could, if we can't fix stuff with our step mom we're going along with her. So he was getting rid of stuff. Just stop saying, guys.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you believe about yourself just now.
Gwenevere Abriel: What did you do it that
Gwenevere Abriel: I know these are hard to get for free.
But
Gwenevere Abriel: He did that he said that I
Brittney: wanted my mobile
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And do you see that as a young girl what you did, or whatever age. Right. I think you were much younger. Right.
Brittney: She's probably
Brittney: 10 at the time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah 10 you know you're going to remember, you're going to remember that.
Gwenevere Abriel: So unfortunately,
Gwenevere Abriel: You went to
Gwenevere Abriel: blame yourself for this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. Can you afford to see how green
Gwenevere Abriel: Screen procreate. That was of your father.
Brittney: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can see it, but what I why I said a forward.
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you get angry at that. Do you
Brittney: Do with that. Yeah, that's what it said. I have some anger.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, it's that
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Brittney: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's just wander around in
Brittney: This particular network.
I actually
The connections are
Gwenevere Abriel: Made
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you environment where there's an
Brittney: Ability.
Brittney: Yes.
Brittney: One second. Sorry, wrong button.
Brittney: Alright, so I was just turn you up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here in a space by yourself now.
Brittney: Yeah, my showers.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm on a
Brittney: Phone Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So maybe go grab your to your two things and put a shoulder width apart from
Gwenevere Abriel: Phone.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do first some positive waving here so that we can have a positive experience and we'll go to
Gwenevere Abriel: Bringing your protective figures right for the mountain and
Gwenevere Abriel: Feeling a sense of peaceful light carefree
Gwenevere Abriel: Mother Earth.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the sun on your face.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sort of bringing in the wisdom that one piece i don't i don't know i guess i'm have someone certainty.
Gwenevere Abriel: Around
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, when you say your father was super smart.
Right, the wisdom I be
Brittney: Us very smart.
Brittney: You know, whatever the, the non creative side of the brain is, you know, to mean like a quarter.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah store.
Brittney: Emotionally wise.
Gwenevere Abriel: And and i thought the last time that you and I met we played with having
Gwenevere Abriel: Me purchase. There we go. Therapist went okay so i i took on a touch of this, the nurturing wanting your well being, wanting your growth. I took that piece on
Gwenevere Abriel: This, this, the transcriber didn't get this piece in here. Maybe my friend Deidre protective
Deidre
Brittney: Alright, so do directory wise.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. I'll move again.
Brittney: Okay, sweet.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do that. Then we'll do some on the face and we'll do Deidre and then do you want to include me in the nurturing or has that dropped away.
Brittney: Yeah yeah okay and then
Gwenevere Abriel: We got going to
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, good. We get to feel good. Yay. So let's do this. Okay, let's let's do that together.
Gwenevere Abriel: First, if you're willing and comfortable enough and you can always open. You guys minor flows, because I'm doing it with you. I'm sort of picturing that that sense of protection, you know, from from the mountains.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a very solid imagery
Gwenevere Abriel: And they can reach very high, it can be very wide.
Gwenevere Abriel: However you picture and imagine the quality of protection.
Gwenevere Abriel: And also bring in this awareness of your therapist one wanting for you, your growth your development.
Gwenevere Abriel: With
Gwenevere Abriel: Nothing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Return.
Gwenevere Abriel: No mixed message just. This is for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then bring in this awareness of if you can feel feel this sense of vast strength and energy from Mother Earth and and the sun on your face.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'd like you to
Gwenevere Abriel: Really hold them in your imagination and see
Gwenevere Abriel: what it feels like to hold them in your awareness and pay attention to your abdomen.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, everywhere from that.
Gwenevere Abriel: That guy, all the way down. Just, just sort of sit there with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And once you have them sort of strongly in your mind just sort of Nod your head and we'll start an iteration, with the light
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, you know, it's no light. I apologize. It's going to be my finger. I forgot you on these little
Gwenevere Abriel: Stop share for bad you're using objects.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here we go. So this will be kind of slow so you hold hold that imagery of the of the team. Okay. Really surround it and just curious as soon as I said once you pay attention to the abdomen and hold both of those. What did
Gwenevere Abriel: You notice
Brittney: Just, just come for
Gwenevere Abriel: Where before paying attention to it. There was none for that was just a noticed discomfort.
Brittney: Notice discounted. Okay, turn my attention.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. So turning the attention to it. So let's turn attention to it. And there's discomfort and let's have this imagery. Okay, hold, put them together, holding it does take effort to hold both of those two occurrences together.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so in the case of my finger. Let's look at the top of those two objects.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's incorporate some nice deep belly breathing breathe the air. The bottom of the long
Gwenevere Abriel: And let's breathe together.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then exhale, it all out.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you noticing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Body, mind thoughts what do you notice
Brittney: My thoughts can wander.
To where
Brittney: You're totally laugh at me.
Brittney: Have you seen cheer on Netflix.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's called up here. Okay.
I will
Brittney: But there's a
Brittney: There's a girl.
Brittney: On the show who's like being basket tossed and she has fractured rooms. She's
Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: She's got fractured rooms.
Brittney: It's just
Brittney: Really
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I want you to picture, picture your team. Now you've got Mother Nature right and you have when you have Deidre okay I'll go into your imagery picture than the cheer that she's in pain fractured groups being tossed. I want you to see who
Gwenevere Abriel: You want to ask support from ask a question from just pull up the awareness. These are my resources. This is the imagery and see what comes up. Okay, look at each side. Just let that be your awareness with left and right.
I'm going to slow down.
Gwenevere Abriel: If the question comes up, while I'm doing the iteration. You're more than welcome to talk while I'm doing it. It's a little different. Okay.
Keep breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's pretend and together, big belly to belly breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: And exhale, it all out.
What you notice
Brittney: NOTICE ME
Brittney: Asking anything
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. It was asking.
Brittney: Which is
Brittney: Basically I'm trying to give myself.
Brittney: Okay.
I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm trying to get myself a cup of
Coffee.
Gwenevere Abriel: Always that and if you if you can say it out.
Gwenevere Abriel: I would be great. Hold, hold that imagery. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Getting tossed around
Brittney: Giving myself a pep talk
Brittney: Are you able to say the pep talk. Can you do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: On, on, see if you can, if not that's okay too.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hard. Yeah, okay.
Brittney: Yes. I mean, thoughts, questions to be
Brittney: So he just
Brittney: He assistant rate.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, why does pain exist, but who you asking of your resources, who you asking that of
Brittney: That would be another question.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Brittney: It's just a part of nature.
Gwenevere Abriel: So she answers. That's part of nature.
Yeah.
Brittney: animals that eat. It's, you know, being is necessary and part of life, if you're living
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: With you carrying that
Gwenevere Abriel: Sensing it learning it
Gwenevere Abriel: And I want you to go into whether that's, that's enough.
Brittney: Not you might have more questions around it. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hang in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let it show up on its own.
Brittney: By me
Gwenevere Abriel: Be present in a felt sense in your body with Mother Earth.
Gwenevere Abriel: Feel the sun on your face.
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice numbs
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice how your body feels when you are in touch with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Grant.
Gwenevere Abriel: Expansive range of this earth.
Gwenevere Abriel: That you are a part of it is available to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you want to ask another question. Are you feel satiated and satisfied with well it's necessary, is that it needs to know more.
Gwenevere Abriel: Check in with your body.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have didn't pay attention to it. Tune into it. See how it's doing
Gwenevere Abriel: Listen to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: See if it wants to know more.
Gwenevere Abriel: Belly breath. Breathe out here, down the bottom of the lungs.
Gwenevere Abriel: I thought I heard you say something like, I want to feel more
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you want to know more of
Brittney: Just want to know what's
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're getting information from professionals, let's get those appointments, but this piece about
Gwenevere Abriel: The explanation of why pain is necessary.
Gwenevere Abriel: You think you have enough just as necessary for what, what's it necessary for
Brittney: biologics terms of keeping yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: And without it, which I did not stay alive.
Brittney: Likely
Brittney: More likely, uh huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's go with this pain helps me stay alive.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to pull this future fear you have up this one in the future. That's coming up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Pain keeps me alive.
Gwenevere Abriel: Breathing in a specifically nice deep belly. Because if you're blowing up a balloon down in their belly out
Gwenevere Abriel: A future worst image you're holding in your imagination, you're projecting into the future picturing Oh dear. And then there's pain it's necessary to keep me alive.
Gwenevere Abriel: Speed it up a little bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's breathe into your inhale.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then exhale, it all out.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's your belief about
Brittney: Yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: In your relationship to me. I am
Gwenevere Abriel: I am weak and how true is that from one to 10 today.
Brittney: Spectrum.
Gwenevere Abriel: On the I'm weak or I'm
Brittney: unlovable one
Brittney: Week, because
Brittney: I feel like I've gone through a lot when it comes to my body.
Brittney: I'll be okay.
Brittney: All parts.
Brittney: Pretty high
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's not emotional and that's that.
Gwenevere Abriel: 15 minute
Brittney: Scared that it's gonna isolate me from having family or future
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I get it. So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you um
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you witnessed
Gwenevere Abriel: what love is. I mean, do you have a pretty good grasp on on what what unconditional love looks like because you've gotten so much conditional love that thing. What I did was, oh
Gwenevere Abriel: So conditional
Gwenevere Abriel: Painful
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so that's why I'm saying in here if you just so I'm going to say it, you decide to say fuck you want to hear. I don't believe a word you're saying I'm paying you to say this nonsense to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: How I feel about you isn't going to change.
Gwenevere Abriel: You may leave me, you probably will. You'll get up and you just stop, most people do is walk away, but how I feel about
Gwenevere Abriel: My beliefs and you will not change.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now you, you may not believe me, because who am I am over here, you're over there, but I know that to be true because plenty of people have
Gwenevere Abriel: This stuff you guys go through it's I wish you'd stick around, you know, for a couple of years and see it through.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you could see yourself on the other side. What unconditional love looks like.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not based on what you do. You're exceptional
Gwenevere Abriel: Just because you were born.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're beautiful and lovable and wonderful because you're human. You know, it's one of the, I think the reasons why you like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mother Earth stuff. It's like
Gwenevere Abriel: It's just linearly clear and just, there's no mixture. There's no condition to it.
Brittney: Just is
Gwenevere Abriel: It just is. That's right. And you're a part of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: We have to go there when the people in our life didn't, didn't do the bare minimum. We're supposed to get about 30% of a reasonably good parenting and I don't know that you caught just enough of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So unfortunately, or whatever.
Gwenevere Abriel: You've got to do that growing. Now, you can do it together. Eventually you're going to maybe absorb. What's going on in here. It'll you'll own it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You'll own your, your little therapist inside this unconditional love and you'll pull in this nature thing and it is you are a part of that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And this body does have wisdom and when you keep denying it, and rejecting it and saying stop hurting me. And I don't want to have this pain anymore. Why bother why resisting
Gwenevere Abriel: Resisting the fact that it knows what it's doing lean into it. Try and understand its message.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because maybe on the other side of it will be
Gwenevere Abriel: Something you and I have no idea. I want to go on that journey with you and find out because that that that abdomen area and your parenting and you know endometriosis and to me, they're all like, I think they're connected, you know, and, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you really ready to have children and have a family or first, do you want to be your own parent and love yourself and know what unconditional love is the for you right bring a family. So let's do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: First
Brittney: Here.
Gwenevere Abriel: And. But really, that was very honest right and so now as we kind of come what let's do some processing near the end of the session here. Let's go to
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you remember what you said earlier you said you know what, maybe he said lower end, you said on the I'm weak through. It's like, what, like a two or three or one or something.
So,
Brittney: It's all over.
Brittney: Maybe a three.
Brittney: finalists week just get up now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, you also said something else in here. He said, I've, I've gotten through
Gwenevere Abriel: Really difficult me dude he lost a finger you had your tone helpful to off you've actually gotten through it's actually, it's the opposite. Your
Gwenevere Abriel: Your tolerance for pain is actually pretty high. Your, your strength or however you're working it
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know whether you've been getting it bounced off of other people often enough to hear how how strong you are
Gwenevere Abriel: It takes a lot to keep persevering when you have this much intense emotional triggering going on. Takes a lot every day.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you see, you have to put that thought in the front. I'm in my strength look again this morning, I met this emotion I sat with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, those are some memories. Those are some images, that's me projecting in the future. I am strong. I'm going to meet them with these skills with these resources. It's very different than why me it's helpless in line me, isn't it.
Brittney: Yeah, it doesn't get you there.
Brittney: I mean, I still go there sometimes.
Brittney: Especially if I'm like in the middle of a flare up you know
I know
Gwenevere Abriel: You got to start to ask yourself, is that solution, why me. Is it helping or does it just feed that negative network with more reasons of your helplessness that you got the right into this deal
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, I haven't seen anybody get motivated behind those those kind of gatherings, what I've seen. Be useful is when they say
Gwenevere Abriel: That's just going to have me really down on myself really negative. I've got to put those aside that thought stopping dead. I'm going to use my skills that get me back into strength, get me back into a positive mindset.
Gwenevere Abriel: I did not grow up with unconditional love. This is just freaking harder for me than the than the guy next door. So I've got to really use this and this and this, a little harder.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you don't know the other guy next door has these other challenges we humans living. It's hard. It's exciting and beautiful and amazing but it's hard to
Gwenevere Abriel: It's hard, even with the best of parents and privilege, it's still hard
Brittney: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like you said. Pain is pain right
Gwenevere Abriel: Emotional Pain.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is the way I'm told is experienced in the same place part of the brain as physical pain. It feels awful.
You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: self compassion.
Gwenevere Abriel: Really, where, where, where have you been a witness to that to somebody really saying, Boy,
Gwenevere Abriel: You're really hard on yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why are you doing after you know somebody who really saw
Like
Brittney: My friends,
Brittney: On Christmas. So if I'm
Brittney: If I like apologize for, you know, dragging on about a topic or something you know they reassured me that I have a lot going on that most people don't have to deal with.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's true. It's true. And again, one of the things you're missing out as is hearing other people you know in group tell you that are hearing like oh my gosh
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not alone in this. But I'm glad you have your friends pointing that out to you, and I hope you've heard me say it to you have a lot coming at
Gwenevere Abriel: It. I know it sounds and it's and I don't mean to insult your intelligence or other people's but we're literally reinforcing and it's growing what we think about that network, literally, you're making more synaptic
Gwenevere Abriel: Connections.
Gwenevere Abriel: We sit there in that whatever thought it's getting bigger.
Gwenevere Abriel: You've got to hurry up. Not going over to the side and remember what we did today.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm spend time building that so there's more tissue growth. It's tissue growth.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, those synapses, the dendrites, the whole deal. It gets a grows when we sit there we go. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm strong. This is how I'm strong. Most people don't even go through this I'm going through this. Look, what I'm doing. I'm breathing through it and focusing on the positive
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm using my resources. I'm using imagery. What can I do right now that's consistent with my values.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can go
Gwenevere Abriel: put lotion on my hands. I can go eat something nutritious, I can stretch instead of overtaxing my body. I can rest.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can look at something beautiful. I can paint. I can write, I can read, I can spend time with people that that fuel my soul, and my spirit and stay away from toxicity. I can plan my future. I can save money.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's getting in your solution.
Gwenevere Abriel: So tell me, tell me what what you noticed about today for you.
Brittney: I like the imagery. I got when you're talking about referring to. She froze.
Brittney: positive versus negative, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, okay. That's, that's a good thing for me to know
Gwenevere Abriel: Because he's like the science.
Part
Brittney: Yeah, but I feel like I feel like since we've started to go straight towards
Brittney: More imagery them over analyzing what you're saying.
Gwenevere Abriel: But good, but that imagery is it is um
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a different part right your we
Brittney: Feel like it's been pretty beneficial. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And as
Brittney: For what go
Brittney: Along with a going
Brittney: Like a dark place, getting brighter instead of
Gwenevere Abriel: Darker. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: And with that bright
Gwenevere Abriel: The shame.
Gwenevere Abriel: Dies.
Gwenevere Abriel: It can't exist with all that light that's that and and
Gwenevere Abriel: It's just, it's so worth the effort that it takes to go there in the brain. I know the automatic is going to go to that, how what F and why me. I know it's automatic.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm glad you're going to imagery. I'm really glad
Gwenevere Abriel: And hearing my voice in there too. Like what would she do, what would she say
Gwenevere Abriel: Over time, that will become probably a part of your adult self. If we go to sort of psychoanalysis, they'll be parent there's adults in the child self.
Gwenevere Abriel: That will start to really grow, they can modulate the rules of of right and wrong and community and the creative and impulsive maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: needs of the child. They adults starting to grow the one that can can take care of both aspects but that's kind of the idea. When do you want to meet again because I think you're able to do it weekly now right
Yeah.
Brittney: Next week, so for your fruit.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you are liking seven so
Brittney: Yeah, or the weekend. If you want to begins, but I don't want to force you to do that. If you're not already working
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, right, right. Well, I did. Tuck aside on March 5 which is you just can't believe that that's next week.
Brittney: Yeah, goes way too quick.
Gwenevere Abriel: But yeah, I put my penciled in your name seven o'clock on a Thursday.
Brittney: Okay, awesome. All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you need his medication. I think when were you thinking of going in.
Brittney: I think I'm gonna trigger Monday.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's march 2 I'm gonna put
Gwenevere Abriel: Cool. All right. I will see you then.
Gwenevere Abriel: Be good to have you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Bye.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hi.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so let's do sound check and video checks and how we're doing. Check, check, check, check, check, check. Yeah, you look good, sound good. I'm going to grab one more layer.
Freezing
It's actually cold here.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how's the environment over there, meaning. Are you feeling comfortable and to talk and do some work today.
Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you have a sense of where you want to start. Or you want me to kind of take the lead.
Magan: I mean, I don't know where we're supposed to pick up. I know we're supposed to work on stuff. So I'm just gonna
Gwenevere Abriel: You want me to take charge
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what
Gwenevere Abriel: Emotions just in the last, like, half hour. Have you been going through, though. Let me just get touch.
Magan: Well, I had some anxiety because I had to deal with my I'm dealing with power struggle with my boss, the women. I had to file the investigation on. Yeah.
Magan: She gave up lost and found and I stepped up and I said that I would like to take on that responsibility.
Magan: And hopes that it would show that I'm taking initiative and then I want to
Magan: Move up
Magan: But Lost and Found was hers before that.
Magan: But she gave it up. She wasn't she didn't want anymore. And as soon as she found out that I had it. She was not happy about it and she said that she felt that I hadn't been here long enough and
Magan: She didn't want me to get
Magan: The overtime hours which we go to drop the items off that gets sold into the auction. So she told me that she would be
Magan: She would be dropping the items off not asking me not telling me or not requesting it of me. She told me, and then she just sent me an email saying it looks like you got it all. I didn't ask her to go over my work, I know I got it all. I know I did it fine because I triple check work.
Magan: And I essentially just told her. No, thank you. I got it covered. And she's very pissed off about that. And then I drove home and I logged in with right art, not a really big fan of the lady that I talked to, they're really not like are very much
Gwenevere Abriel: Lord, Lord, so maybe Lord has a baby. Oh, Jamie.
Name.
Magan: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're, you're a couple of people have said that. I wonder if she needs to retrain and or some
Magan: She's very rude. Very, very rude and she doesn't have any
Magan: People skills.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Magan: Or customer service skills and she's antagonistic. And so she pisses me off last time I talked to her. She goes, excuse me, excuse me.
Magan: I need to talk.
Magan: And I'm like, which
Magan: I don't care if you need to talk or not.
Magan: I'm not here for you. I'm here for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, yeah, you need a therapist for that.
Magan: Yeah, if you need to talk to take it up. Somebody else because you're getting paid. So you're providing me a service, not the other way around. That's
Magan: Okay, yeah, she's rude and I don't like her, and she really really
Magan: When I log in, she she sets me off. She, she sets me off.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah okay so
Gwenevere Abriel: I wrote it down.
Magan: And
Gwenevere Abriel: Quick validation, you're not the only one. I'm definitely making note of it. Let's go back to the power struggle with, let me have the players here. Um, who's, who's the woman you filed the complaint against and the one that you're in this power struggle with.
Magan: The investigation.
Magan: I found that against Sydney. She is a supervisor, one of my supervisors, but she's not my direct supervisor, but I used to be on night shift with her. She's the one that called me the little girl and everything.
Magan: So I thought that investigation against her, and then
Magan: Like I said, I took over. Lost and Found and she's not happy about it. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So anxious
Magan: More of just, I don't want any
Magan: Conflict. I just want to go home.
Magan: I'm, I'm really anticipating her
Magan: her neck or negativity her next move towards me her
Magan: She, she she wants to control every aspect and
Magan: She doesn't have it right now. And it's bothering her. It's very apparent that it's bothering her
Magan: It bothered her that I filed a complaint against her. It bothered her that she found out that I am
Magan: The one who took over. Lost and Found it bothers her that
Magan: It was bad or sure anything to do with me bothers her
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's take a look at power struggle. I think that was pretty cool that you that you labeled it
Magan: It's a power struggle because
Magan: I'm tired of being walked all over. I'm tired of being
Magan: Silenced I'm tired of be
Magan: Placed into a box or a place because I am beneath her in her eyes and just because she is a supervisor.
Magan: Does not mean that I don't have a voice and it does not mean that I'm not right or that I'm not capable or that I'm not
Magan: Just as qualified as she is
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there any margin.
Gwenevere Abriel: For since you're not as rehearsed at speaking your truth daily 20 3040 times a day since you're not as rehearsed at it as you've been
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, a kid and an adult, since it's sort of this new territory for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: That there might be
Gwenevere Abriel: An over
Magan: There might. Yes, I see what you mean.
Magan: Because
Magan: I'm really trying very hard to set boundaries with her and let her know especially after everything that's happened, then I'm not someone to be fucked with. I'm not going to
Magan: Just sit quiet and deal with it like I did for over a year. Okay, so that's my problem. So I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, this is the one we've been in we've been in this one in this moment in this discussion with different players on the stage, many times. And I think it's going to continue to be our work.
Magan: So, did you want to work on em Dr today.
Gwenevere Abriel: It doesn't matter what we do, we're going to, we're going to get to the same place.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because what you're talking about me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't fuck with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is something
Gwenevere Abriel: That you go to
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you do not want to be victimized.
Magan: I don't. And it's but it's a two way.
Gwenevere Abriel: To extreme
Magan: Yeah, it's a to a very exactly it's it's
Magan: Very excessive.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, that's all we need. You just have that self awareness.
Gwenevere Abriel: And loud and clear.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't want you to remove it from your toolbox.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's yours forever fighting
Gwenevere Abriel: For your safety.
Gwenevere Abriel: Glad you have it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just want to add options.
Magan: Am I am safe.
Gwenevere Abriel: You are unsafe to be Sydney's friend.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're unsafe to tell her plans that you have unless it's, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Part of a work responsibility to report to her. She's an unsafe person to brainstorm with she's an unsafe person to collaborate me if you have to. Okay, fine, but I would be as content driven as possible. You do understand that.
Magan: That
Gwenevere Abriel: That's you, setting a boundary with your eyes and your ears and your big brain you analyzed this woman has shown herself to be untrustworthy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Period. It has taken MONTHS AND WE PROBABLY KNEW IT IN immediately, but then back to back to back. Evidence of on trustworthiness.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's put a pin in power and power struggle. Let's just say those are facts. That's right. Now we're in a boundary self awareness. Self validation conversation. You saw it. You watched it. You saw it again and again and again and again.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: The
Gwenevere Abriel: Boundary setting that your style, right, is if I'm not going to be a victim. I'm going to be a
Magan: force to be reckoned with.
Gwenevere Abriel: A persecutor not a perpetrator, but it's it's this thinking about this, um, you know, that drama triangle right
Gwenevere Abriel: We go from victim to rescuer persecutor than to victim right there too intense there to polarized and they're too rigid and we've got to shift. So if we're in
Gwenevere Abriel: For example, I know. Victims, victims, not, not at not an option for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's exciting.
Gwenevere Abriel: But persecutor isn't a great one either. Nor is the absolute need to be rescuing people right because it put someone
Magan: In another problem, like all of those I've done
Magan: Them and I fall into one of those categories at one point in time or another.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right and and but it's it's cool that you can recognize it, because there is an opt out for each one of those. So
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't, I'm not going to pull up the screen. We'll see if we can put what you're talking about. And yes, we can do some em Dr with it, possibly, let's just let me just looking this network, a little bit further. So, um, let's talk a little bit about options that you can have for
Gwenevere Abriel: setting boundaries where the needle right isn't
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, psychological and physical victimization right emotional victimization. It's also not I'm going to lose my job because I popped off on someone, you know, those are real extreme right punch somebody in the nose. Plenty of people do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's, you know, it's kind of like we want to get this year. Like here we want to get get that needle. Just a little, little up
Gwenevere Abriel: So this is one way to get there. Do you see in yourself, the grain of truth of your need to be in control.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Okay, so there's there's some awareness there. So in that space when, if you can hold on to that instead of, How dare she that's where the needle moves.
Magan: Well, there's some manipulation for me to
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so then you on that.
Magan: I mean, I'm a little vindictive
Magan: I'm not gonna lie I am right now. Right now I feel like
Magan: Yeah, I know.
Magan: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So if that is true. Number one,
Gwenevere Abriel: It's, it's really powerful that you can that you can say, you can say okay I i I've been vindictive and I'm going to show her I'll show her the pain. I was in. I'll show her. I want her to feel I felt I want her
Magan: I don't know if it's to that degree.
Magan: Okay, so
Magan: It was more
Of
Magan: I want to show her that I am just as capable
Magan: As she is I want to show her that
Magan: I am not a little girl. I am a grown woman.
Magan: That I can handle myself professionally.
Magan: That I can
Magan: Be the bigger person that I can
Magan: make the right choices. I can look she's looking for problems in my work like I put in a call yesterday and she as a supervisor. They pick up the line and they listen to your calls. Yeah, he has a bad habit of just starting to talk while you're on the phone.
Magan: To the person that you're talking to. And so at that point I will hang up the phone and she'd be like, did you hear that other like, well, you listen you took the call over you start speaking so I hung up and let you handle it because you began to speak to that person.
Magan: It's a conflict and there's missing information when that happens. So I just let her do that but I put in a call yesterday, and it was at alpha three
Magan: And she said, before she even open the call because she was dispatching at that time. And I took the call before she even opened it up and read it. She said you didn't put the call, you didn't put the location in and I turned to her and I said, Yes, I did.
Magan: And then I said, I can also put it in the info tab if if necessary.
Magan: But it just right there.
Magan: Right there in her saying that it's her trying to number one find problems in my work number to put me in a place, put me
Magan: Tell me I'm wrong. Tell me I'm inadequate she does it to me constantly
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, sending
Gwenevere Abriel: You want to be seen by Sydney as capable
Gwenevere Abriel: Of I put women versus not a little girl you want Sydney to see you as capable, a woman in a as a bigger person. Hold on. Why, and so in the back of my head. Right. Hmm, Cindy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let me ask you something. Is she your hero.
Magan: No, it's because she's in a
Magan: position of power. She's also sleeping with the boss.
Magan: Which is a conflict of interest.
Gwenevere Abriel: We already agree it's a mess.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's an hour. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Got it. So his ear so above her. This is a, this is a a means to getting this fellow above her whose name is there sleeping together. What's his name.
Gwenevere Abriel: Chris, it's a means to get chris chris to see you as capable
Gwenevere Abriel: As an employee.
Magan: Is that right at you, but I think there's more to it.
Magan: There's more there like
Magan: It's not just, Chris. It's also her, but I don't know why.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so right. That's why we're talking about it. So we're going to take Sydney here.
Gwenevere Abriel: And Sydney let's describe her instead of, of what we do see we let's do some some adjectives for her.
Magan: Like, what do you mean like
Gwenevere Abriel: Immature vindictive retaliatory
Magan: Small idea here, small minded immature than addictive spiteful
Magan: Controlling okay
Gwenevere Abriel: She's in appropriate she's having an
Gwenevere Abriel: Inappropriate sexual relationship. She shouldn't be doing that. I mean,
Magan: Yeah, inappropriate.
Magan: She's
Magan: Control controlling
Gwenevere Abriel: I
Magan: Mean unprofessional.
Gwenevere Abriel: I thought so too unprofessional. So I heard some stories. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's just a few. So here we go. Listen, I want you to picture Sydney
Gwenevere Abriel: Think she's done that we're controlling things she's done and we're unprofessional in mature.
Gwenevere Abriel: Inappropriate you know she's called you that little girl thing totally doesn't belong there.
Gwenevere Abriel: And me.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I want you to go into your own family of origin and I want you to picture.
Gwenevere Abriel: Who behave like that.
Magan: It just got real, real quick.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's why they call it therapy.
Magan: Coming.
Magan: My father. Yeah, okay, my mother.
Magan: My brother.
Magan: also probably be the top three
Magan: My husband.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. So if I'm you, Megan, this is, this is my, this is, this is what's going to take all the energy in my life and I'm going to keep pulling this story in until I fix it and get it right and heal.
Magan: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I recognize you. You're just like my family. If I can get you to see me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Everything will be okay. Again, I'll heal. I'm going to keep you around this. This is familiar. Yeah, I need you you you to see me love me value me
Gwenevere Abriel: Why, then, then I will see myself as capable, but it's got to look like, Mom, dad, brother husband you
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, someone who's sweet and kind
Gwenevere Abriel: And doesn't have any of those attributes those negative attributes those qualities from from your childhood.
Gwenevere Abriel: Unconsciously you may be minimizing their value.
Gwenevere Abriel: You want to hear it from these if you can get it from them.
Magan: Then that's right
Gwenevere Abriel: Because this is where the wounding occurred. Say it again. Right. I was wounded by these fucked up kind of people. And so I need to heal myself with these fucked up. People don't quote that believes. Don't put that in the transcription
Magan: There's somebody listening.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not right now. But she said Sarah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I know that I want me swearing, I don't know, was with on the big square and this organization, but I anyway so
Magan: I think if the clientele is okay with swearing and is I swear it's a good way to communicate. Yeah.
Magan: swear a lot
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, let me see if it works, though.
Magan: It pissed me off.
Magan: You know, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: But that's because naturally we want to heal. If our listen if our wound was interpersonal our healing will be interpersonal
Gwenevere Abriel: It's all it took was reading a self help book called by your little self. Okay, fine, but it isn't. You want to feel it looking into another person's eyes. These people you keep bringing in your life are like mother, father, brother there invalidating and appropriate mean
Magan: How. How. Okay. So, these people are around the no matter what.
Magan: In my day to day
Magan: But I know that I am choosing to engage and that's where I set myself up for the for that.
Magan: For that context to keep happening.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or you have to do if this is news to you right now if this is like an aha moment if it's true. If this hypothesis. I'm throwing out is true.
Magan: It's true.
Gwenevere Abriel: If it is, right, because I always hold that room for them. I'm no genius, but let's say it is then
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not a kid.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're getting new information you're learning new information not only sort of self reflection, you know, sort of how to use cognitive reframing and imagery and breath work and grounding and resourcing you've got these new skills coming online.
Gwenevere Abriel: You didn't have them when you were little.
Gwenevere Abriel: Those people like you just said they're going to keep showing up a hot mess you changing
Gwenevere Abriel: Will be the healing experience they're going to continue to be a mess. But you are an adult, you are not that child anymore without resources.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have them.
Gwenevere Abriel: It is the one you go to, because you have this grown physical body is you go to don't fuck with me and I get it, and I don't want you to get rid of it. It's yours forever. But there's other ways to be
Gwenevere Abriel: The don't put you right. It's such a
Magan: Polarity state.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Such a clarity so
Gwenevere Abriel: If we stop asking why we already have an answer that's good enough to cover the why, for now it's and if we stop saying why me why I'm drawing these people in if we stop going to that sort of fantasy, then we just say
Gwenevere Abriel: This is my classroom. Am I going to learn this lesson, this time. And I know that's gets annoying because you guys hear from me a lot, but
It's not
Gwenevere Abriel: Then when yeah
So,
Gwenevere Abriel: This has to do with
Gwenevere Abriel: If you are interested in not being in a power struggle with the Sydney's of the world.
Gwenevere Abriel: And not feel like a doormat. What you got an idea.
Magan: I did something
Magan: With a power struggle moment.
Magan: I was
Magan: Power struggling with Andrew
Magan: And I literally stopped like mid sentence. And I told him.
Magan: I'm going to
Magan: Take a break from this conversation.
Magan: This is going this is going
Magan: Nowhere quickly and it's
Magan: Only as I don't know the exact words, but I said right I am done with with this conversation and I stopped it. And I walked away.
Magan: And it was like made fucking screaming match.
Mm hmm.
Magan: Yeah, and I thought he was going to slip into fucking shot.
Magan: But I did it. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You stopped it. You stop mid screaming
Gwenevere Abriel: It can be stopped, we can catch ourselves in it and shift gears.
Magan: But
Magan: He's that dynamic is different than someone like a Sydney Sydney is not an interpersonal relationship. Yes. Like I don't I yes and no. I don't mean but like I might have accepted her, and I'm not married to her and
Magan: I don't have to live with her. I have to work with her.
Gwenevere Abriel: You probably spend a lot of time in that place.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, well, what
Magan: One more time with them and I do with my family. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's talk about I need, what would I need to take a break. What would opt out look like with a Sydney. So let's, let's get, let's get into that and just hear what you could do if you weren't trying to show her
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, in other words, you be the teacher, she will be the student, because that's kind of what's happening in a power strip lie, you'll teach her. You are going to change her real changes organization. You'll to do that. But if that's not what you're up to.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you say, well, okay, you're just going to be what you're going to be all protect my rights and you move forward and you've you file this this grievance and complain, etc. You've taken care of it. That part is already on moving forward, but the day to day moments.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you make a decision. So let's just hear some content from you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Give me an example.
I
Actually
I could
Magan: Instead of like when she's talking to me, or she, she talks at me, and she talks down to me. She doesn't talk to me and she does not listen to me.
Magan: But I'm always quick to respond very quick like I need to attack, attack, attack, attack, attack because you're attacking me
Magan: Yeah, I'm coming up with a response. So I too am not listening because I'm always thinking of a response before she even don't getting the words out of her mouth. Okay, so I know I'm not actively listening, either because I choose not to.
Magan: Because she lost that right with me. That's how I personally feel, but what I could do instead of trying to submit an answer before she even gets the word out.
Magan: I could do that, pausing exercise.
Magan: That we worked with
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm fine. I could just you breathe and you, you just sit here.
Magan: And I don't have to respond right now. There's no reason in the world why I have to respond right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, so right in there. You notice how your finger away right now so you can find your defiance in there.
Magan: Even that
Gwenevere Abriel: But that's good. It's a good thing. It's a
Gwenevere Abriel: Instead of showing I'm smart by I have this really quick really content driven fact, and I'm going to say it quickly and throw it in your face and make you feel as small as you're trying to make me feel
Gwenevere Abriel: Because that's the power struggle.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you want to opt out of that. If you want to play with this and say maybe my power is going to come from the quiet serenity of me not having to prove myself is the next step.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the one where you walk away.
Gwenevere Abriel: From your husband. That's the one where you are quiet with a Sydney where you're like,
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, you're breathing and they said, what do you what
Gwenevere Abriel: You say I'm I'm listening to what you're saying. It sounds like it's a really important issue for you.
Magan: And you can validate, you know, expecting a response.
Gwenevere Abriel: Who cares that so here's, here's the off the
Gwenevere Abriel: Watch sorry is
Gwenevere Abriel: That what you're doing is my is my mind reading you are analyzing so many, so many people do this it's automatic. And I know it's a protective mechanism but
Gwenevere Abriel: All that analysis you do i i'm i know you can tell I know what the next move is what I'm supposed to say what I'm supposed to do what her and underlying intentions, is what the little conniving thing she's doing. And I know what you may all know all of that.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it's none of your business.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, take that in
Gwenevere Abriel: Meaning, she wants to have that game going on that's her business. I've already told you you protect yourself with boundaries. She ain't going to be your friend.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not going to brainstorm and probably won't sign on the project with her.
Gwenevere Abriel: She's going to continue to be doing that and your role is just to if you want to opt out.
Gwenevere Abriel: turn all of that you yeah if you want, you turn that skill of analysis that you're going over on her side and trying to figure out what she's up to turn it in here.
Magan: I can you give me some exam.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can
Magan: So I'm constantly thinking like, this is why she doing this. This is what he's doing.
Magan: Because of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Up Sydney and attack me and all the you
Gwenevere Abriel: attack me
Magan: You know what, Megan, I was looking over Lost and Found and we didn't know okay job but next time you need to be looking at the Salvation Army received so that they can sign it and
Magan: I'll go ahead and I'll take the control items down to Andrew. I'll take care of
You
Magan: But I don't want her to, I want to say.
Magan: Yeah. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, hold on.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't want her to is this part of this word I'm the vindictive part because you want the position you want the credit you want people to see you as capable of doing that job.
Magan: Yeah, cuz I I stepped up and I volunteered. And I'm not getting extra pay for it. I'm not getting anything for it. I'm just trying to show initiative and it's not just for her, it's for everybody. My up my higher ups everybody to see that I am capable to. Okay, I can do this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I'm going to stick with Sydney for a second because we did member you back down and said, I think there's something going on with the Sydney level we so we're going to skip the higher ups. We're back down at Sydney. So just now. It was really easy. I was just like, well, thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now this is this is the therapy piece. This is not the elevate myself professionally piece.
Gwenevere Abriel: This, this, there's some nuance to this role that I don't quite understand because
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you pick it because you know she's going to see you doing it and you just you picked one where she's gonna you sir. Okay, so why that one, why not show show your capability to command and in a different area. Why pick her her thing that she's doing
Magan: So she gave it up because she's she went to day shift and and she specifically through it on the night shift supervisor.
Magan: And he really expressed his frustration and how he didn't want it at all, but she also she washed your hands of it.
Magan: I had been trying for over a year to try to step up volunteer myself for things
Magan: Try to let it be known that I'd like to trade take training that I want to be a supervisor that I want to go to the pre management class and none of those things are within my grasp. So when I volunteered for this. Well, actually I asked for first
Gwenevere Abriel: Class, you know,
Magan: Who I asked my direct supervisor, Josh. And he said, We got to talk to Chris about it. I'm okay with it. I think you're fully capable. But let's talk to Chris. So I went directly to Chris and I spoke with him. I told him that I really liked this opportunity and
Magan: He said, I appreciate you volunteering and thank you for taking the initiative and that was it. And it wasn't for her. But I will say this, since I got it. That then fictive feeling of hahaha
Magan: Has come up towards her now because I see how much it bothers her that I haven't. I see how much it bothers her
Magan: She didn't want the responsibility. We weren't but she definitely didn't want me to have it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go back to the peace with Chris. Let's leave, leave Sydney out of this for a second. Did you go back. I mean, what if I were you, I'd be like, Okay. Does this have to be in a formal
Gwenevere Abriel: Statement. Does it have to be in a change of my job responsibilities, what I want, I want some accountability on it. And I want to show you some consistent demonstration that I've taken on this this role.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do I need to tell some people do you need to tell some people what I don't get. Megan is why it just ended the way it ended. Like I would want to know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Should I tell people this is my new job thing. Like, where does it go from here, it feels fuzzy
Magan: It was fuzzy. So when I took it on. He said, Yes, you can have the responsibility of it which means now. My name is literally on Lost and Found
Magan: And I'm like, literally all the paperwork that is done. I do it. The key to the cabinet to put all the items away is mine. And I'm talking like big responsibility. There's thousands of dollars going through that place.
Magan: Jewelry with diamonds people leaving iPads laptops. Okay. Anything you can name in the airport. It goes to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so when when
Gwenevere Abriel: Get it for you. Um, it is that accountability putting you at risk because she could do something with it that's
Magan: What confuses me
Yes.
Magan: So like for example, her trying to take the items down after I've done all the work I've pulled everything I've counted all the items I need to go to the auction.
Magan: So I have to go turn them into terminal maintenance because they have to put it on the city website and sell them and the city makes them money off of it, the profit of those items that have been now.
Magan: turned over to lost and found they were sitting and lost and found for 90 days.
Magan: And now it's no longer their property right so the city that then owns it, and they get whatever money for it. That includes money like literally physical money if somebody doesn't come back and get it and it's in 90 days, see it now belongs to the city.
Magan: So she wanted to take the items that
Magan: Need to be turned in for city auction every single month after you do all the Lost and Found herself.
Magan: She wanted to do that part. That's what she said to me, she said, I will take care of that, at which point I said, Don't you know I've got it covered because
Magan: It is a chain of custody issue. She could take those items and I'm walking down to that term to drop it off. She could drop a laptop. She could slip it in her jacket pocket. It could be a diamond ring, whatever. And if it is not there when she gets there. Guess what falls on
A Megan me
Gwenevere Abriel: Wanting I'm not gonna tell you what I would do. But what did you do about that. That's huge. That's a real problem.
So what you do.
Magan: I went directly to my supervisor. Uh huh. Yeah. So there's three things I did. I first I went to my direct supervisor, I expressed my concern about it. He agreed with me, Chris. The manager director manager walked in.
Magan: My direct supervisor said, Please repeat everything you just said to me to Chris I did Chris said, I agree. There's no reason why Sydney needs to be involved in it, you need to handle it from start to finish.
Magan: And then I sent an email to Sydney. And I said, I appreciate you offering to do it, but I've got it.
Magan: So I got the permission to handle the whole thing from beginning to end through my direct manager of the center
Gwenevere Abriel: That's great, except there's nothing in writing, so
Magan: Personally, I don't know the
Witness.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, good.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it's also why are doing some of this in writing, why not the email to Josh Why, why not
Magan: There. Oh, good. I also emailed it. Okay, fine. So you go I also emailed him. Yeah, just making sure
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay cuz I'm so great.
So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Then there's no problem here. I mean, I don't know your gambling. I just fine.
Magan: I'm trying, but
Magan: Like I said this morning when I walked away. I know that she hadn't read that email yet of me saying, I got it covered. And I was anxious, of how he would respond
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I see.
Magan: Okay.
Magan: So that's how I left feeling
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's see if I'm up to speed. Now on, you're going to see her tomorrow or something. Soon, right.
Magan: And yep tomorrow morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so really
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let me let me do a replay. If it's tomorrow morning. Let's assume she
Gwenevere Abriel: Read the email. Don't you think she I mean she going to go ahead and get the items or she really gonna back down and just let you do the job at
Magan: This point she has to back down because the things with me, she can't get it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Out to you about what what might she pick out you about
Magan: She might pick up me about the paperwork for lost and found she read over it and she said, it looks like I did it. All right, but she said, Next time, leave the paper for Salvation Army decide when they pick up the meeting.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what's wrong with just saying okay
Gwenevere Abriel: What's wrong with just saying, I said, Okay, is that okay
Magan: Yeah, I will say thank you. I said, Okay.
Magan: Okay.
Magan: And I did say thank you for all your help. Okay.
Magan: I'm really trying to be professional, but I am saying that even in me acting professional I'm still feeling that feeling of control power vindictive
Magan: I want to get back at you. I want that acceptance from you. I know all the things that you just said are literally happening. They are happening now.
Magan: But I am still handling it the way that you, that I should be I'm handling it professionally and I'm putting on a great fit show, but the feelings that I'm feeling inside are exactly as you described.
Right.
Magan: So that's the problem. She doesn't know it, but I know it, I know that she's getting a rise out of me. I know that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so trying to get when i when i get the I Am resin, that's a phrase, but she's getting a rise out of me. I'm getting activated. What's the belief about yourself right in there. I see what she's doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I'm not good enough.
Magan: Okay.
Magan: That's the belief that I'm not good enough.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how old is this one. How old is this belief.
Magan: Not good enough. As long as I can remember.
Magan: As forever.
Magan: That's pretty common for people like there's a time in my life.
Magan: Where I haven't felt that way.
Gwenevere Abriel: So Megan, when you say, oh, look, I'm still she still gets a rise out of me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your life.
Gwenevere Abriel: You've been operating from this platform of I'm not good enough.
Gwenevere Abriel: And fighting for it in various different ways.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's gonna take some time.
Magan: I do want to be good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, you already
Gwenevere Abriel: Are
Magan: It's just
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't record.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, but you always more you wish for her.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's this this this
Magan: But that's the problem. I don't see that.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're going to have these crop.
Magan: And I don't. And in those moments and
Magan: I'm sorry, I don't mean interrupt it in those moments.
Magan: I don't, I don't see it. And I kind of wish I could you have no idea how badly how stupid I feel sometimes reflecting back on a conversation or an event. And I'm like, why didn't I do this. Why didn't I do that. Like why would. Why did I do that. Why did I respond that way.
Magan: And then
Magan: I'm never okay with just being me. And that moment where I'm at an accepting
Magan: Accepting that what is is
Magan: I'm always constantly questioning, if I'm good enough.
Magan: Constantly
Magan: And I don't even realize it and doing it right.
Magan: And so second nature to me.
All right.
Magan: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't be surprised or to keep showing up, then we can't be, can't be like shocked by it. You've been rehearsing this and feeling and feeding it for a long time.
Gwenevere Abriel: But also notice that during this conversation you played out this scenario, and I got pretty far and I kept looking for. Well, where was the misstep here. They're really
Gwenevere Abriel: You were direct you are clear. I mean, weren't you good enough with this whole exchange you wanted to initiate
Gwenevere Abriel: Got Krista to say the word great initiative you pulled your Josh in and said look, there's a real high risk with the chain of custody going on here, real high risk. I'm not comfortable. Everyone agreed like you did. You did it all just thought on
Gwenevere Abriel: What
Magan: I still
Magan: wanted her. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's
Gwenevere Abriel: Wanted, but that's my point number I was doing this whole thing you're going to want this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um it Bongo, in my world. It's this this image of these negative qualities of our caregivers, you're going to want that one. To give you approval.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to want the impossible.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're set up for it.
Gwenevere Abriel: To fail they they're not capable
Magan: So how do I placate myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, you don't placate
Gwenevere Abriel: You just
Gwenevere Abriel: Give up trying to please those types of people
Gwenevere Abriel: They're never going to see
Gwenevere Abriel: The triangle. You're never going to see you.
Gwenevere Abriel: If, if it's true what we're talking about the people that you the
Gwenevere Abriel: The husband type. The Sydney that you had some of those, that's your other job they're never going to see you. If you really get it.
Gwenevere Abriel: All that effort you do to analyzing them is a waste of your time. Just say
Gwenevere Abriel: Thank you and go do the next right thing and sometimes it's an email sometimes because trying to prove your value to them is a waste of your time.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you don't know that because this is so organic and ingrained in you to have your mother who couldn't see past her own narcissistic needs.
Gwenevere Abriel: You want approval and acceptance and recognition from that over and over and over and Andrew has embodies a lot of them from your
Caregivers
Want him you
Magan: It and he doesn't
Gwenevere Abriel: I know it's an exaggeration. When I say they can't. And I know as I say it, of course, they may but it serves you in the freedom that comes
Gwenevere Abriel: From just turning inward all that analysis, why can't pay, but look evidence, evidence. See, I'm a good person. See how good. Look what I do. I'm a good girl look like a value value value.
Gwenevere Abriel: Quit
Gwenevere Abriel: Go inside and say, well, I really thought I was a tough little cookie.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm really smart. I know the policies and procedures and I'm really i i like this job so much. I want to be. I'm going to be a supervisor here. Which means I'm going to have to tolerate working with some morons. And I'm going to, this is an example.
Gwenevere Abriel: Working with people like this, I find a way to not take it.
Personally when they're it
Gwenevere Abriel: Around idiots ignorant selfish people, you're going to be around and we all are.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're gonna have to hold on.
Magan: I applied for a different job.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me.
Magan: Well, it's still a dispatcher but it's with the county and it pays 22 an hour.
Whoo.
Magan: Yeah, it's like a $4 raise. So it would be really nice to get that but
Magan: I am
Magan: I like my job. I do. I like my job and I want to grow there.
Magan: I want to succeed there because I think I really can
So Megan.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you believe that you are the cause of Sydney's behavior.
Magan: No, I don't.
Magan: Those behaviors were there long before I came along. She has a very long history of it. You literally in paper.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have on paper. I know. Do you have a secret wish that you're the one that will get her to recognize her inappropriateness
Magan: Secret wish. Yes.
Magan: Yes, I do.
Magan: That's been
picker.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yep, that's been your, your secret wish ongoing
Gwenevere Abriel: They need to know what they did. They need to know how they
Magan: Hurt me
Gwenevere Abriel: What they did. They need justice.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's just, that's it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you
Gwenevere Abriel: can spend your energy to them.
Magan: So that's a good point because I'm sitting here and I'm waiting for the result from this investigation. I'm waiting. And I'm waiting. And I'm waiting. And I'm hoping
Magan: That it comes out in my favor.
Magan: But once it doesn't
Magan: But if nothing comes in it.
Oh, well, you could
Magan: Everything that I
Gwenevere Abriel: Could you could have a depression if you wanted to.
Yeah.
Magan: You could get, how do I accept that.
Gwenevere Abriel: He goes this this machine.
Gwenevere Abriel: This machine is a flawed machine.
Gwenevere Abriel: You move on.
Magan: It's a fucking mess. Put your
Magan: Or you can text when a mike
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you there to change the agency.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you there to change Sydney. No.
Magan: Just sure no
Magan: I'm not I am well. So for this investigation. Yes. I want her to see the error of her ways I want her to see that the way that she treats me and other white women is wrong. I want her to see that her behavior is unacceptable, and I am not going to accept her mistreatment.
Magan: That's fine. And look, if none of that happens.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh wait, wait a minute. You're not accepting this treatment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is totally different than an outcome of her see her. Miss treatment of you. I keep saying the same thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: They're different.
Gwenevere Abriel: You want the perpetrator.
Gwenevere Abriel: To own what he did.
Gwenevere Abriel: To see how he do
Magan: They're not
Magan: Going to know exactly where that comes from.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not gonna he's not going to start. Yeah, he's not going to, if they were the type that got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: If they were the type to get it, they wouldn't have done it.
Magan: If they knew
Magan: What they were doing really tough pill to swallow.
Magan: Hard
Gwenevere Abriel: For me to solve that. I know.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it doesn't undo the history, the history still happened.
Gwenevere Abriel: It doesn't undo what he did.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you making this other part. I'm not going to tolerate people crossing a boundary
Gwenevere Abriel: Now that's that's a real doable thing and you're living it you're standing up often often speaking your truth.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is what's real for be following through with self protection self validation. You're following through with it, but you're holding on still to you just, you need to know what to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: How's it going to change history. He'll never say sorry not in any way that you'll ever feel in your visceral
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not, I don't think it will happen.
Magan: No, it won't. It hasn't happened yet. He denies it to this day.
Magan: He's a coward, but
Magan: It does come from that basis of i do want this, this, and it's not just from Sydney or from anything else, it comes down directly to that I want justice for what he did to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: But
Magan: Does he need to be never going to happen. Know.
Gwenevere Abriel: What would just to speak. How do you go this for that. I mean, yes, he should be in
Magan: Jail, and never be around children rotting in jail and never be around children and little girls.
Magan: Absolutely.
Magan: So that if it were my way
Magan: He'd be castrated yeah I could totally see him dead.
Yeah, but
Magan: It's hard. It's hard.
Magan: It's I just it it's like you said it's ingrained in me and it's like second nature. So it's, it is aha moments that are happening. Yes.
Magan: And and then there are moments where I know that this is my truth. I know this is happening.
Magan: And then I just don't know how to stop it in the moment.
Magan: I can say right now. Yes, this is wrong. I shouldn't be thinking this way. You're right, or this or this or that or that. I'm never going to get that I need to find it within myself.
Magan: But in the moment I don't feel that way in the moment I'm seeking acceptance from
Magan: Perpetrator I know and it sucks.
Magan: It really sucks.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you're hearing another human telling you that this is a common thing that happens. This is the end you can go reach in a psychology book and you'll find yourself on those pages. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so when we say, oh, if this is so common, maybe we can say there's healing.
Gwenevere Abriel: A predictable a journey of healing and predictable maybe solutions and ways out that's exciting.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. And if we're on these pages, then okay then then somebody has some comfort level without we get out of this, there is a way out.
Magan: And you're
Gwenevere Abriel: That you're getting there. You really are, because you couldn't have tolerated. This kind of conversation before
Gwenevere Abriel: You would have been really convinced in the why me you are very
Immersive
Gwenevere Abriel: That there was something literally sell your early spiritually. You were plucked out
Magan: Tell you that I've made growth.
Yeah, I think so too.
Magan: It's slow, but it's happening.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know about the slow, I don't know, maybe it feels slow, but here it doesn't look slow to
Me.
Magan: It looks like to keep coming and fill up
Gwenevere Abriel: The takeaway. I hope at least as a minimum that you get is, see how you call yourself it's going slowly. She didn't think about my whole life. I've had. I'm not enough. But you say I'm going slowly.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're gonna have to clearly see, you're, you're actually moving rapidly aggressively intensely meaningfully because this is a lot of history of I'm not good enough. Do you know how many moments you have met and made decisions based on that fundamental database, right there.
That offer
Magan: Everyday
Gwenevere Abriel: Elegance billions
Gwenevere Abriel: Of solutions and answers you based it out of, well, my solution will surely come from. I'm not good enough.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's so many and you're saying you're slow know you literally speak to someone who's in a power, authority, who looks, smells acts like right your, your, your perpetrator.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're standing in your truth and you want to label yourself slow I i can't agree. I think you're moving profoundly meaningfully fast I I don't see it the way you do.
Magan: Maybe that's good.
Magan: Maybe I will get there.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're in it. I'm telling you, you remember these things. You remember some imagery. Remember the breath. I hope for the breath is going to be the key.
Magan: To all of us is key to I've been working on it.
Magan: A lot. I've even been doing it right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good. And I call it. Now I've changed it from box breathing, because now I just call it belly breathing, because that mechanism is that that like a balloon.
Gwenevere Abriel: The belly pushing out getting that air download. I don't even take a chance anymore. I'm just calling it belly breathing, because I can't take a chance that people will think, oh, it's about breathing in the nose or it's about my shoulders not moving. No.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's about that air getting to the bottom of that long.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the mechanism. So now it's just belly breathing, meaning that belly goes
Gwenevere Abriel: It goes out because that long is expanding at the bottom. Now I'm just I can't take a chance that piece is the meaningful piece I'm going to care if you breathe through your mouth.
Gwenevere Abriel: But that belly right we'll see it going in and out.
Magan: Because that bottom
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't care if it's two seconds. One second. You can have all those things be off. We got to have the belly breath. Okay. My next client just rolled in. Let's schedule another appointment.
Magan: Next Friday at eight.
Gwenevere Abriel: See what's what's up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yeah actually already got you in there.
Magan: Okay, I'll see you then.
Gwenevere Abriel: March six, all right. Do you need any are you when we're when we're thinking to come in a group called pencil it in was in a month from now and how do you have that
Gwenevere Abriel: Worked out. Yeah.
Magan: Yeah, I went on Monday. So the 24th. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, 24
Magan: Months Monday's when I went
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay so 23rd, maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll put Megan here. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good to you.
Magan: As well. Thank you.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Matt.
Matthew Montano: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you check it already.
Matthew Montano: Know I was running a little bit behind. So
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, it's good timing. Go ahead and log out go say hi to everybody in virtual clinic. I'm going to run out of my office. I'm going to stay here logged in. So you just log in and check in with virtual clinic and come right back.
Matthew Montano: Okay.
Matthew Montano: I'll do that real quick.
Gwenevere Abriel: Perfect. Okay, I got you. My heater freezing
Matthew Montano: Yeah.
Matthew Montano: Gotcha.
Matthew Montano: Is it cold in Florida.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes 69 degrees in my house. I'm miserable.
Matthew Montano: 69 wow it's like 30 it's like 32 degrees outside right now.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sorry to hear that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Reason I don't live there. Okay.
Matthew Montano: Yeah.
Matthew Montano: mild winters. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I lived in Wisconsin, which is kind of like living in Chicago and they had 20
Gwenevere Abriel: Below.
Matthew Montano: 20 below why
Gwenevere Abriel: I was like,
Gwenevere Abriel: walking to class in Madison, Wisconsin. I was like,
Gwenevere Abriel: My nose hairs were frozen.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ice. I was like this is
Gwenevere Abriel: This is not a thing. What is this
Matthew Montano: From California was it windy there too.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh. Oh, yeah.
It was
Gwenevere Abriel: It's like Chicago right by the great great lakes and I was like, I spent one year there and I went back to California.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like I'm going back to California.
Gwenevere Abriel: Last year, my final. I was like,
Gwenevere Abriel: Ankles and assholes. I'm out of here.
Matthew Montano: I'm getting the hell out of here.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can get an education anywhere.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I have a tan.
Matthew Montano: Yeah. Right. Exactly. That's craziness. I think the closest I've ever received into that here is like maybe six degrees 10 degrees nuts. Not 20 below zero, nothing like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's like this is unreal like unfathomable. Thank you.
Matthew Montano: Can you eat those prickling you all over the
Gwenevere Abriel: Place and your car doesn't start and I, it doesn't start
Matthew Montano: And then you have to get used to like starting it and letting it run for a while before you actually go in the morning. So you have to get up earlier go scrape the ice off your car and you're just miserable get frostbite on your hands and stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: One year
Matthew Montano: And you're like, get
Matthew Montano: By
Matthew Montano: I was like, I was like,
Gwenevere Abriel: Now,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so that that that happened. Yeah.
Matthew Montano: toasty Toshi. That's how I am too if it's even like like it is 36 degrees outside right now.
Matthew Montano: I have it like 74 I always like to see
Matthew Montano: Especially if I'm not moving a lot
Matthew Montano: I'm like, if I'm just sitting down like watching a movie or something. I get really cold after like get the blood circulating
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right, let's let's focus on you now.
Matthew Montano: Okay, rather
Gwenevere Abriel: Talk, I talked about the weather with my therapist today.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you really
Know whether
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, let me get good a note open for you. So how has your mood, then these shirts.
Matthew Montano: My mood is
Matthew Montano: The I've noticed the medicine kicking into much um it's been my moods been a little bit back. I've just been staying busy. So that's been keeping my mood up
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so I will let me reflect a little bit of contradictory information. So in one of our sessions. It was like the second day that you had started taking
Gwenevere Abriel: I think it was an antidepressant. You said, I don't know if it's the medicine, but I'm feeling better and then you showed up in group. And you said, I can't feel any difference with the medicine. Remember logging it in my memory. And so now I'm bringing it up.
Gwenevere Abriel: And again, you're saying I'm not feeling the difference. So I don't know which one you're on. But sometimes, it really does take a month for to kick in. So
Matthew Montano: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's pretty standard. You just got to hang in there for it. But once it does I you should feel the difference
Matthew Montano: All right, I'm done them into week two. So, yeah. Well, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Be patient with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and
Gwenevere Abriel: When you say you're keeping busy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is this the gym and work.
Matthew Montano: Yeah okay work and I'm when I have time, we'll every once in a while friend will come over, will make dinner. Watch it. Watch a movie or something like that.
Matthew Montano: Me in the X have a there's no communication, it's been it's been over a month now.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it feels done
Matthew Montano: Yes, it's done. Uh huh. Because there's been like a few times where he had left some stuff here. And we had, you know,
Matthew Montano: I left it outside and told him to come get it and because we were arguing on the phone, too. So
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, so what what what what
Gwenevere Abriel: When you're arguing on the phone. How is that a thing.
Matthew Montano: Uh, he called me at work. Oh, that's not yeah the arguing was so bad. I had to work we blocked each other on everything social media to Snapchat, Facebook, Instagram, the phone.
Matthew Montano: Yeah, there's no means of communication there. So he's called me at work a few times just to tell him just to tell me all kinds of crap.
Matthew Montano: really crazy. I didn't think you would end that abruptly, but it was a very toxic relationship. And I think when I started coming to counseling. Um, I started working on myself. And it kind of started pushing him away.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's, let's really really be deliberate with your words, try to say that. Say that again, but in a different way.
Matthew Montano: I'm
Matthew Montano: Going to start when I started coming to counseling and working on myself. Um, I just started noticing what was right for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Uh huh. Yeah, there we go. Right, counseling give
Gwenevere Abriel: Him away, right. That's not what that was. Yes, there we go, you noticing maybe what you're willing to tolerate that maybe without self awareness and valuing of the self. You might have been willing to tolerate for many, many months and years.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mm hmm. That is the side effect of growing up. It's true. That's a side effect heal and
Gwenevere Abriel: You won't be able to tolerate right toxic people as much
Matthew Montano: Yeah, and he was to be really toxic.
Matthew Montano: Actually think he was a
Matthew Montano: narcissist. Sometimes when I read into that it's
Matthew Montano: A lot of us it's
Gwenevere Abriel: A fun one. Right now it's blowing up all over the internet. Yeah, then checking out that I don't know what that Dr. Whatever name is that long brown hair she's got she's all over the place. I'm looking at her, she's
Gwenevere Abriel: Right dynamic. Yeah.
Matthew Montano: A lot yeah it's Poppy. It is popping up everywhere everywhere and people are starting to say they're narcissists themselves like being proud about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's talk about that just for two seconds, and let's get into kind of where we left off before I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Insane in psychology. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Depression right antisocial personality disorder, bipolar disorder Borderline Personality Disorder anxiety disorder obsessive compulsive disorder. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Those are extremes. That's when they make it into the diagnostic manual. It has to do with extremes. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: You may recognize yourself in some of those. Sometimes I get a low mood or it goes on for a longer period of time than I like
Gwenevere Abriel: People do get depressed. They had depressed moves it just doesn't meet the threshold criteria of meeting the diagnosis. So they get anxious
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, or they're they're feeling like I really need to keep this clean or I really need to be organized, but it's not messing with the functioning in their life, or they have attention difficulties or something like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Has to do with whether how much it's affecting multiple domains of functioning in your life narcissism is a necessary part of ego strength. We do need. Oh.
Matthew Montano: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that we can register right if it's something we love get sick or hurt so that we can show them. We care. We need sad.
Gwenevere Abriel: We need anger to protect itself. We need to be organized. We need to see the relevance of
Gwenevere Abriel: predictability and structured organization. So that has its value. It's not just all like. So when people say, well, I'm, I'm a narcissist well doesn't take them off the hook for how they're affecting people
Gwenevere Abriel: But my point is to say we do need a little
Matthew Montano: Of those all those traits.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think so, yeah.
Matthew Montano: So like the counseling field is narcissism, or a narcissist something you would like a way you would diagnose a person or
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a personality disorder.
Matthew Montano: It already has a personality so
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, but again it's extreme
Gwenevere Abriel: Behaviors are those are ones that
You know you're with one
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe a, wouldn't you continue to try to get some empathy from them and you would be wasting your time.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so I'm noticing a little bit of fidgeting. Why don't you turn inward. I know we've been very playful this morning but turn in just kind of go inside.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice intentional breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is all about you, Matt. Matthew. This is you, your time.
Matthew Montano: Man, I like to be called Matt if you
Gwenevere Abriel: I absolutely feel free to remind me again if I forget. So, Matt.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just eat. See what unsettled thoughts are still kind of going on inside. Or maybe there's a part of your body and you have a lot of messaging that often happens in that shoulder area.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is a Restlessness or attention.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or any concern.
Matthew Montano: Um,
Matthew Montano: I've never been. I guess some of it always comes from the fact that I've never been used to like, I'm not a big video chatter
Matthew Montano: Uh huh. So yeah, that, that right there makes me nervous.
Matthew Montano: I'm
Matthew Montano: Not that I'm really insecure, like in person like you know I'm pretty confident. It's just that I've never liked video chatting, but also so I want to make sure I look good. That's always and
Matthew Montano: I've been feeling. I've actually been feeling good and doing good, just
Matthew Montano: Going forward, knowing I'm single. Now, okay.
Matthew Montano: I'm just the
Matthew Montano: It's kind of excited and
Matthew Montano: And with that excitement comes a little bit of
Matthew Montano: You know,
Matthew Montano: I guess.
Matthew Montano: You know, scared scared and
Matthew Montano: Expired. You
Gwenevere Abriel: Scared and excited
All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So tell me a little bit about the the fear part oftentimes fear comes from
Gwenevere Abriel: A fantasy about the future we we imagine something negative happening in the future and and your imagined fear is what
Matthew Montano: Just now that I'm not so much focusing on another person.
Matthew Montano: Or I don't have that other person here to make me laugh or, you know, really tension with
Matthew Montano: Can I do that myself. Like, can I
Matthew Montano: I'm not always the best at making myself happy.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nicely done that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: The
Gwenevere Abriel: work you were doing with me before summit, even though we've been hanging out here in therapy for months. Most recently, you've been doing the most work. Most recently,
Gwenevere Abriel: And you got a chance to really sort of but up next to some old ones and your relationship right some missed parenting opportunity from your mother certainly
Matthew Montano: Oh, and it's weird.
Matthew Montano: Okay. It's weird, me and her how to have your really been communicating and I guess through Facebook somehow I don't post anything about my personal life on there.
Matthew Montano: Like, stuff like that. But somehow she figured it out. I guess because I don't know how to even know how because we didn't put that we broke up on there anything either of us, but
Matthew Montano: Now she kind of comes into
Matthew Montano: The picture she she's texting and not even like a phone call, she's texting me insane like shipper, she asked me. Did I break up with Ryan and then she saying
Matthew Montano: She's and she's saying like, and then I said, Oh, we're just taking a break, working things out because I really didn't want to
Matthew Montano: put too much in new in you know tower too much about it and she and then she's like
Matthew Montano: I'm another day, she has like how's your love like love love life going
Matthew Montano: I don't like together too involved with that because when I was living near her
Matthew Montano: A lot of the stress that meet her were arguing a lot at that time.
Matthew Montano: And
Matthew Montano: Actually thought that had something to do with our
Matthew Montano: A BREAKUP in my past.
Matthew Montano: You know, she can't be like the ultimate reason for it, but
Matthew Montano: You know, just, you know, she's a lot of the yeah there's a lot of arguments.
Matthew Montano: I would take it out of the boyfriends and this look like five years ago.
Gwenevere Abriel: Also, you had mentioned that past relationships were not the most functional regardless of the fact that you may have been acting out instead of expressing your frustration with your relationship. You've described that your relationship with Ryan actually was functional
Matthew Montano: Yeah, just in the fact that he and
Matthew Montano: To be honest, I think it's just because
Matthew Montano: He was a more laid back person.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah why maybe we need to define our what what determines function.
Matthew Montano: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, have a couple of things, you know, defining
Gwenevere Abriel: What you're looking for.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
He
Gwenevere Abriel: Happy alone.
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's how we started. Can I be, can I believe my own tension.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. How will I cope with my on moments. My unpleasant ones. And sometimes it's even the happy one so I'm happy, I'm alone. Oh no, it doesn't necessarily mean we even know how to handle happy alone. Okay, so I make no assumptions that one's easier than the other.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because right away. I was hearing stories of
Gwenevere Abriel: Getting people and just now you've got people over at the house right you don't prefer your own company.
Matthew Montano: Like since I've split up with Ryan I
Matthew Montano: Have
Matthew Montano: Tried to like sometimes when I get really depressed or down. I'll distance myself.
Matthew Montano: By friends will be texting me
Matthew Montano: My dad will be texting me here. He lives in the same town, I'm
Matthew Montano: Kind of distance myself, but this time I tried to like get myself back to that. Okay.
Question.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm all about connection for wired for connection love social medicine connect with people. I'm on big fan. Huge fan.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to know when you are isolating. What were you doing
Gwenevere Abriel: Literally in your apartment.
Matthew Montano: I'm cleaning cooking eating watching Netflix, Hulu.
Doing
Gwenevere Abriel: Great. Where are you happy.
Matthew Montano: I was, I felt safe and content.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it okay that you spend time on your own.
Gwenevere Abriel: feeling safe and content with yourself. Is that okay, or is there this huge risk of you might be missing out on something out there. Is it okay you carve out time for yourself, or does it have to be pathological like Oh, I'm in a depression.
Matthew Montano: Um, no, it's okay for me to spend some time by myself.
Matthew Montano: One thing also after I go through breakups I
Matthew Montano: Like there is this buddy called me at work. And then we had a conversation before it started, are you and
Matthew Montano: Or was it a text with I think maybe he he did text me so far I blocked and we're just talking for a little bit and we're
Matthew Montano: We're both were saying this isn't going to work out stuff. And I asked him if he was if he
Matthew Montano: Is seeing anybody yet. And he's like, No, I'm not seeing what he and I was, and then asked, Are you are you hooking up with anybody yet.
Matthew Montano: And then he didn't text back but there's a long pot. And then finally, I put a question mark. You know, it's like, I'll take that as a yes. And he said, no, but if I was in any of your business. Anyway, we're not together and
Matthew Montano: That that bug me
Matthew Montano: A and Bill like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: What is your question, Matt, might you ask him that
Matthew Montano: I'm just because just because that's
Matthew Montano: I don't know. Should I not have
Gwenevere Abriel: No answer my question why
Matthew Montano: I asked him that to see if there was a chance you can get back to you.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So kind of interesting. You went ahead and he basically said, It's none of your business.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you do with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it your business to know who is sleeping with and who is not. At this point, you guys are not in a romantic relationship anymore.
Matthew Montano: Well, see, that's with me right now. That's the last thing I can think about is, um,
Matthew Montano: Is sex with somebody else it would
Matthew Montano: It's the last thing you think about. I can't even watch like, I can't even watch porn. Like, I can't sex is the last thing in my mind, and I'm so if
Matthew Montano: I asked him that wondering like, if he's kind of feeling like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why, he's not your friend.
Matthew Montano: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah yeah
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's, let's come back to that in a little bit.
Matthew Montano: Yeah, it's gonna
Gwenevere Abriel: Come back to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to have more and more people that love you.
Gwenevere Abriel: But they really see you, you're going to have more people like that in your life. That's exciting.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what happens when you start to love yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not put up with people.
Gwenevere Abriel: That don't really see you and appreciate
Gwenevere Abriel: You and Julie about yourself.
When you're content.
Matthew Montano: Maybe grab the tissue.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, Danny.
Matthew Montano: Yeah.
Matthew Montano: Yeah, I kind of felt like that was a normal question.
Matthew Montano: But
Gwenevere Abriel: It's normal for someone, still holding on to hope.
Matthew Montano: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So give me some adjectives.
Matthew Montano: mates to what I would do in the past, even if I didn't feel like being with somebody
Matthew Montano: I would purposely make a point to beat somebody
Matthew Montano: Hey, you know, to, you know, like I'm gonna show you
Gwenevere Abriel: I remember but member now the new philosophy is you want to treat your body with respect and health. Right.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I got you. I'm with you. You don't have anything to prove. Okay, so I know it can feel like the ground is moving, moving underneath you.
Gwenevere Abriel: So those quiet times where you you kind of need to just cook and to clean and to just kind of keep
Gwenevere Abriel: Keep the confusion uncertainty of the inter personal at a minimum. So maybe spending some quiet time alone that actually makes a lot of sense.
Gwenevere Abriel: Feel settled in yourself, sort of, before going out and saying, Hi friend and coming back. Okay, wait a minute.
Gwenevere Abriel: That makes sense.
Matthew Montano: Yeah yeah
Matthew Montano: Sometimes when I spend too much time alone.
Matthew Montano: A
Matthew Montano: worrywart so
Matthew Montano: Spending a lot of time.
Matthew Montano: You know, worried about worried about what people are
Gwenevere Abriel: What they're gonna think
Matthew Montano: Know what they're what people are doing like like my ex not like
Gwenevere Abriel: For some reason, his name just escaped me. I'm not sure. Ryan, right.
Matthew Montano: Yeah, well, I
Gwenevere Abriel: Prefer the name
Gwenevere Abriel: So here we go. Just give me some adjectives, Brian. Give me some positive and some negative
Matthew Montano: Okay, positive first
Matthew Montano: Um,
Matthew Montano: He was Carrie.
Gwenevere Abriel: How did he show that
Matthew Montano: Uh, he was very affectionate. In Cary.
Matthew Montano: He would listen
Matthew Montano: He was very
Matthew Montano: He would
Matthew Montano: He's very attentive, like when he was at work, he would communicate with be a lot like I would have been texting all day like he was constantly texting me
Matthew Montano: And just like constantly saying like, Oh, I love you. I miss you. Just like non stop all day like that. Okay.
Matthew Montano: And
Matthew Montano: Who is funny.
Okay.
Matthew Montano: And
Matthew Montano: Fun.
Matthew Montano: Okay, and then let me see if I guess.
Matthew Montano: I guess I'll be up for that. And on the other side. He was careless.
Matthew Montano: He was reckless
Matthew Montano: He
Gwenevere Abriel: careless with what
Matthew Montano: He was careless with
Matthew Montano: Himself. He would use a lot of cocaine drugs every almost every day at work, who's drink. He's a waiter pretty much all those waiters and waitresses they do they drink into
Gwenevere Abriel: Your last
Matthew Montano: OK, and then
Matthew Montano: He was, what did I say careless.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and I don't get the reckless. Tell me what you mean by reckless
Matthew Montano: Reckless meaning he
Matthew Montano: Like
Matthew Montano: His tags were expired, he would
Matthew Montano: He wouldn't
Matthew Montano: Be
Matthew Montano: Irresponsible okay he was irresponsible.
Matthew Montano: He was reckless when we get in arguments there towards the end. Um, he was starting to get really LOUD SCREAMING
Matthew Montano: He was throwing things and yelling and
Matthew Montano: I got to the point, he got me so mad. It could get in my face.
Matthew Montano: I had to like grab him and take him to the door and like removing and the cops. The cops actually got called one time he just, he just came and check things out and left.
Matthew Montano: And
Matthew Montano: He could be really
Matthew Montano: On
Matthew Montano: Trying to find the word for it. He
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll find the word. Tell me what he did.
Matthew Montano: Okay, he would
Matthew Montano: He would say one thing and do another like
Matthew Montano: Yeah, he would say one thing and do another
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that so there's different things we can give me an example of content on that one. I'm going to do good. So tell me, specific on that one.
Matthew Montano: Like we would make a plan like as we get your advisor.
Matthew Montano: During like during December, we're like getting our we did Christmas, Christmas tree did the whole nine yards buy gifts for everybody. Both our families. We had a good Christmas that was we were talking about getting an apartment, beginning of the year. Um,
Matthew Montano: But he would
Matthew Montano: He would talk about saving money.
Matthew Montano: I was a person that would save his money and then we'd use it together.
Matthew Montano: He was instead he was spending his money on drugs. He was spending his money on on booze. He was spending his money.
Matthew Montano: On eating out like
Matthew Montano: Like 40 $50 meals every day. Like sometimes every day you know he was he was it going following through with what we're planning on our life is going to be
Matthew Montano: Okay, so, and there's also a big thing about Ryan, you guys how you use the type one diabetic.
Matthew Montano: Okay, so I don't. I always use protection Ryan also has HIV. Yes, I remember that I told you that. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Two major medical issues he. Okay, that's another issue with him. He
Matthew Montano: Has to take is HIV medicine every day to live. And then he yes he's a type one diabetic yes to watch that to live.
Matthew Montano: He is a he's really skinny he you know he doesn't look unhealthy options. He's really good looking like you know we have a show you. I'll put it as our screen my screen saver. When it are off to show you, um,
Matthew Montano: He
Matthew Montano: When I first met him, and he told me that it scared the shit out of me because we had, we had had we didn't have like
Matthew Montano: Like that kind of six we had oral sex, and I think he gave me the oral sex, and then he and then
Matthew Montano: The next time I met him I had her I had heard some things around through some people that he had HIV. And I asked him, and he bust down crying and told me it did. And then that's and that's kind of how the relation got shipped got started, he busted out crying. And he's like,
Matthew Montano: He's all I started to like you so much. He's on this happens every time I started liking somebody every time you find this out.
Matthew Montano: Leave me and I just like felt so bad for him and I see his heart and then like I still didn't I still don't be with him and he just kept begging begging me for it was like over two months man to be with him.
Matthew Montano: And he finally got like into my heart and it to me. I was like, This person has issues. I know a lot about HIV. I know how to protect myself, you know, I can get on
Matthew Montano: Prep. There's a medication called prep and use condoms and plus, he doesn't insert is this penis into me. So like, you know, my, my risk are very, very low so
Matthew Montano: Um, so I knew that I was going to be all right with that, but I was like he has all these issues. Maybe he's a little bit more mature than his age, and I have a lot of issues in my life. And we can work this stuff out to get
Gwenevere Abriel: Mature
Gwenevere Abriel: You just said.
Matthew Montano: Oh, when I know when I first met him know a another reason I did one I he literally begged me for two months to be in a relationship.
Matthew Montano: I guess on
Gwenevere Abriel: That on the pro or the con i got a plus here.
Matthew Montano: That's it. That's a comp. What's that
Gwenevere Abriel: Perfect. Okay, so I do notice that you went into the story. Long story we're looking for a list that
Gwenevere Abriel: But just pay attention to it just noticed that when it comes to this.
Gwenevere Abriel: That you're coming a long distance to get to
Gwenevere Abriel: Probably something has to do with self care. So tell me what
Matthew Montano: Around his
Gwenevere Abriel: Second day of diabetes and the care he took for himself and other
Matthew Montano: Yeah, he didn't take care and didn't take care of himself. I had to take care of him like and and he he had three seniors in front of me. He did it take care of himself.
Gwenevere Abriel: He's got a positive that you get to be taking care of him, or is that
Matthew Montano: That's a negative
What do we call that
Matthew Montano: That would be He, that'd be somewhere with these reckless he's reckless. With his life he could, he could die.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay and this sense of dependence on you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Go slow. Don't answer me right away. I want you to find your honest. Don't try and say something that you think I want to hear because I've been listening to other sessions to I don't have a photographic memory, but it ain't bad so
Gwenevere Abriel: Put the dependence on you in the pro column or the con
Matthew Montano: The, the dependence on me.
Matthew Montano: Dry put it. Well, I didn't when things were going good. I didn't mind helping him with all that stuff. It, it brought it brought us sort of
Matthew Montano: You know when you're taking care of somebody like it like it feels good, but it kind of felt like I was taking care of a kid or something.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, you want to have kids.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Did you feel needed
Matthew Montano: But I also yeah I felt needed also felt like a like a wifey type thing. I felt like you know like
Matthew Montano: Hey babe, we're going to make you a chart and we're gonna you know you're gonna ride. True. Make sure you take
Gwenevere Abriel: The child. Yes.
Matthew Montano: Yeah. Or like, I'm like, like keys. He's a douche bag husband and I'm his wife, you know, I kind of look to me like that. OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: So now that we're talking about it.
Matthew Montano: I could give you more negatives.
Matthew Montano: If you need them.
Gwenevere Abriel: But this is all in service to you. So let's go, let's go back up a little bit. This this meeting to be needed and be put in this role of
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a caregiver whether your wifey or your parent is still, you know, a caregiver. Okay, so do you like it.
Matthew Montano: Yeah I did like it when he was when he was respecting it and when he was any would make him happy to
So,
Matthew Montano: I mean he moves from his mom's house to my house. So his mom is probably doing these things.
Gwenevere Abriel: For now, how open are you to the idea of spending more time continuing to work on yourself versus starting another relationship. How, how important is it to you that you work on you for a while, whatever that is.
Matthew Montano: I'm open to that before I got with Ryan Ryan came to me it wasn't, I wasn't looking for relationship. I was single for for two almost three years before I and
Matthew Montano: I don't
Matthew Montano: I don't chase after relationships. Very anymore. I've because I've been heard so much and I'm very hesitant.
Matthew Montano: When I do need somebody I
Matthew Montano: I keep keep that distance. You know, I, and I make sure to explain, you know, so I'm open to taking time okay I can swipe right now that's I can't
Matthew Montano: Get to know somebody I feel like I would be rude to them because I'd be something else would be a mind or something, or I feel like I'd be comparing them to look
Matthew Montano: At old relationship, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's back up today might just be kind of touching on a couple topics. Um, did you journal
Gwenevere Abriel: Anything from our last session you had some anger that was still lingering towards your mother did you continue. Did you write it down.
Matthew Montano: Um, I remember we talked about the box.
Matthew Montano: There's a journal. So, okay.
Matthew Montano: So for me to
Gwenevere Abriel: invited you to journal some leftover anger and resentment towards mom that might have been leftover I'm just, I'm just checking in to see if it was there.
Matthew Montano: If I can, I can give it to you, even if I didn't journal way.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's
Gwenevere Abriel: The Journaling is the intervention, not your
Matthew Montano: Energy taking it to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: My hearing it. No, it's so let's just see how much charge is there around anger towards mom. These days, anger, not
Gwenevere Abriel: She's not a safe person to trust your personal business too. But I'm talking about anger and resentment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Much it is is there.
Matthew Montano: There's, there's still a lot
Gwenevere Abriel: Of homework again.
Gwenevere Abriel: To get into writing, I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Putting it onto paper. What you resent what you're angry about
Gwenevere Abriel: I would recommend it.
Gwenevere Abriel: What you do with it, who knows. We can talk about it. Once it's written
Gwenevere Abriel: But I'd be curious to see what you go through writing it down in a quiet reflective time
Gwenevere Abriel: Why you didn't do it that day.
Gwenevere Abriel: We were, we were having a lot of emotions and then we ended the session.
Gwenevere Abriel: What happened, maybe not wanting to feel it, not wanting to think about it, not wanting to put it on the paper. Do you think, what do you think it is.
Matthew Montano: Now, when I think about it. I think it's just because I fell. I look I don't cry. Very much. You see me cry or the most like probably. Anybody see me cry, to be honest.
Matthew Montano: I think it's just I felt a little bit better and just was like group that was a good session. And then I went out and went to work in
Matthew Montano: And, you know,
Matthew Montano: But did this time.
Matthew Montano: I can do that because that does make sense. Like when I have downtime, maybe like after the gym tonight or something.
Matthew Montano: I can sit down and there's a lot. I would have to say, I could see
Matthew Montano: Right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'll, I'll invite it again maybe as some homework, just do some journaling and if you need some organization and structure to it. You can say, I'll start from most recent or you can do it earliest we touched on some of those early, early childhood resentments.
Gwenevere Abriel: And just writing them out and see if you can do
Gwenevere Abriel: I feel, I feel, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Angry that you did this, I feel sad and hurt or rejected or abandoned. See if you can even though it's only in writing and maybe no one will see it but you, it's still really helpful to structure it with the I feel when you
Matthew Montano: Do writing with the I feel
Gwenevere Abriel: And put an emotion in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: I feel angry. Put the plugin sad scared afraid lonely, or I was
Gwenevere Abriel: I felt back then abandoned all alone right put in the emotion.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you did this when you weren't there when you were there. You did this when this is such happened. Okay.
Matthew Montano: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I need to touch on some of your goals here.
Before, but
Gwenevere Abriel: What, how many milligrams do that.
Matthew Montano: Oh, it's a box in
Matthew Montano: A while taking the other than Allah. Allah
Matthew Montano: Allah. Allah, whatever it's called a look alike Lexapro.
Matthew Montano: I am taking
Matthew Montano: One film and five eighths.
Gwenevere Abriel: Go into your medication thing and see if they've got that written in there for me because I don't get it.
Medications
Gwenevere Abriel: 1313 I think 1311 Phil libin films for
Gwenevere Abriel: This 1158 I see the five as i get i think it's 13
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I think so.
Matthew Montano: Let me, let me grab the PNC Bank figured out
Matthew Montano: I hate cutting them into those little fight that five eighths.
Matthew Montano: Even a little contact case and then those last few days when I have to take those you like you know if your fingers are a little bit like
Matthew Montano: You know, wet or something. And then, and then they don't always fall on your tongue. Ooh, I hate, I hate the left and I take this brand right here and you were talking about in one of the sessions.
Matthew Montano: That
Matthew Montano: They might not be all the same consistency.
Matthew Montano: Right, this
Matthew Montano: This, this
Gwenevere Abriel: What is it
Gwenevere Abriel: Called
Matthew Montano: It's called a
Matthew Montano: Milan, Milan.
Matthew Montano: And when I first started with you. Um, I was with a woman doctor and she said to request that my doctor not give me this kind, because it's inconsistent.
Matthew Montano: And if I I do notice like when you were talking about in the group. There are people when they're hoping look in the sun, they look different, consistency, like, so it will be orange, but some will be lights will be darker.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I got you. So you can you can look at this in a couple of different ways. Of course, you can advocate for yourself if insurance and pharmacy and everybody's on board. Sometimes it's a supply issue. And it's a tough no geek kind of moment.
Matthew Montano: You can see if the doctor. Sorry for interview if the doctor I'm request that I get the name brands that there'll be open to that because I talked to them about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And it can also be a motivator to continue to get
Gwenevere Abriel: To taper down. Okay, so keep, keep that in mind because it's a negative reinforcer it's like this. This is inconvenient. So there's embedded in there, some some reinforces you are born to be on a medicine like this. You were you're not
Gwenevere Abriel: Perfectly fine the way you are, you know, you're, you're, you let's let's manage your life with you. You know, you've gotten in the habit of thinking. I've got to have this substance, but you're not broken, Matt.
Gwenevere Abriel: Something wrong with you.
Hey,
Matthew Montano: There's a lot in there that I need to work on along the way.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's
Matthew Montano: Yeah, because this was my. This was like this was the crutch, this has always been the crutch.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's that's the challenge, you know, you'll hear me sometimes say, and what's your drug of choice and those of you who have fallen in love with Suboxone on it and say, when was my last year as well as this morning.
Matthew Montano: Yeah, well yeah and see it doesn't it doesn't even
Matthew Montano: Like when I'm taking it like I'm supposed to
Matthew Montano: I don't even feel anything. It doesn't even feel like nothing's different, um, when I don't take it. Ooh, I see how
Matthew Montano: Strong of a drug. It is, I guess, because it's all, it's all, it's the withdrawals of the same as a opiates like
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, via
Matthew Montano: ID. Yeah, I took pain pills and stuff. It's like synthetic opiate right it's not it's not like pure like in pure opiate like in pain pills because pain pills was my drug of choice. I never did heroin or any of that stuff so
Gwenevere Abriel: The big differences with the long acting a bit and the short acting short acting are percocet oxy heroin.
Gwenevere Abriel: These guys, you can build a tolerance which means I have to keep taking more and more and more and more. Yeah.
Matthew Montano: This one, if you
Matthew Montano: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: There was euphoria.
The box on
Gwenevere Abriel: Although there is some euphoric. You know it when it hits your bloodstream. You can feel it. It shouldn't hopefully you guys can tell me otherwise shouldn't be bringing that euphoria, it should not be giving
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I feel like nirvana. And I'm like, oh, are you on myself. You shouldn't be experienced
Matthew Montano: It doesn't do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: You do not have tolerance which means you're not having to take more and more
Matthew Montano: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of course you're going to have withdrawal symptoms one stays in your system, a very short amount of time and the long acting stays in for 2436 hours. We're out of time. Let's schedule another appointment. Yes.
Matthew Montano: Ready.
Gwenevere Abriel: Isn't that something
Matthew Montano: Can we do one soon.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you thinking
Gwenevere Abriel: Right now.
Matthew Montano: went by so quick and it felt like we hardly talked about anything.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know, but look how much interrupting. I did want to say, Matt. If
Gwenevere Abriel: You do. You've got a light. You wanna so there's a lot to cover. I'm glad you're, you know, we're going to be meeting weekly right so we can get to it.
Matthew Montano: Oh, just real quick on that, on that one.
Matthew Montano: A questionnaire, you had a stew on in the group that manipulation. I'm. To be honest, I answered a lot of them, yes. In currently. Okay.
That was
Gwenevere Abriel: really brave. Yeah. And we'll, we'll get into more that that's good for you to own it. Right. And I try and tell people, hey, I've done them. We all have done them. It's no big Shami Shami thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: It came from a thinking this was the only way we can get our needs met, real quick let's reschedule so I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Matthew Montano: You might find Mom was a big manipulator. So that's kind of probably very good friend.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know what to think here but
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe
Wednesday at one maybe
Matthew Montano: Wednesday at one
Matthew Montano: Yeah.
Matthew Montano: It's Tuesday.
Gwenevere Abriel: somebody's already there.
Friday at one again.
Matthew Montano: All the way. Next Friday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Otherwise we're early, early bird special here we're super early in the morning, or I mean I can. Yeah. Wait, what if we did real quick. Know you grew up on Monday.
Matthew Montano: On Monday, yeah. I grew up at I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Only thing I can see
Matthew Montano: Since I've been well uh
Matthew Montano: I've been doing good, could I miss a group member even that you then bi weekly
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. That's a good point. I'm
Matthew Montano: Just this just this one and then I'll be back next week and then we'll figure out if we want weekly or bi weekly
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Matthew Montano: I kind of want to talk to you as soon as possible. Again, because I didn't feel like, yeah, so I have a lot more fun.
Gwenevere Abriel: Though so but take but take today say oh my gosh, how did it go by so fast, try and figure out what you did.
Gwenevere Abriel: To make it where you didn't get your needs met. Pay attention to it. It does take you have to keep redirecting the self. Maybe it's writing something down. I want to come away today having talked about this and you write it down you sick when
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's keep me on task or let's make sure we cover this or I want to have this feeling when I leave. Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: It does mean selecting something to attend to it does. We it means we have to put other things aside, they're all important.
Gwenevere Abriel: But they may not reach to the urgent level that that is true for you. So just see where your part. Isn't that right up my next got here. So you want to meet it will will will two o'clock on March 2
Matthew Montano: And that's Monday this cut this Monday. Right.
Matthew Montano: It is March 2 at two o'clock.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And if I'm running late for some reasons because I'm still running a group and feel free to just say, Hey, I'm here because I might space out, but I don't think I should be OK.
Matthew Montano: OK, cool.
Matthew Montano: Hey, see.
You there, Nicole.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hi.
Nicole Roybal: Hi. Sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Uh, wait, what are you apologizing for again.
Nicole Roybal: I wasn't sure if I took too long to
Nicole Roybal: Start the video.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, I think I was running a little late. I need to find
He
Gwenevere Abriel: Has your grammar.
Nicole Roybal: Okay. I mean, she's
Nicole Roybal: Eating a lot. She's losing a lot of blood, like literally like she's like basically like wearing like diapers and pads and she's just like bleeding through I'm bleeding from green to him.
Gwenevere Abriel: What is the doctor saying they can do as an intervention for this.
Nicole Roybal: Well, so that's why she had that appointment and it was like a consultation for the
Nicole Roybal: For the surgery. She's to get so Jackson like start prepping by Tuesday morning show to start prepping for the appointment on Wednesday, which was just like, wake up.
Nicole Roybal: Take laxative, and then check to like drink ensure and she couldn't be any food that whole day. And so I have to be there with her and she had to
Nicole Roybal: Switch apps like pick locks and be drinking. Sure. And, and, like, every two hours or something, she would have to drink more ensure
Nicole Roybal: That she'd have to drink like clear liquids and she had to drink magnesium citrate, which is another last name, I guess. Mm hmm. And
Nicole Roybal: It was just like, making sure that she took all like was drinking what she had to drink at certain times and making sure that she was just preparing the right way and making sure she didn't eat. She couldn't get it through her head. She
Nicole Roybal: Does he have
Gwenevere Abriel: A little bit of cognitive
Gwenevere Abriel: Challenges like remembering things as any of that going on.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, exactly. Well, they're both of my grandparents are about to be 90 which shouldn't matter, but they're getting older, so they're kind of like losing their sense of and my grandpa has early, early onset Alzheimer's.
Nicole Roybal: So that's also a problem at
Gwenevere Abriel: At 90 that's early
Nicole Roybal: When did it start, it's at the doctor said early on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, the onset, but I'm just starting. I'm sorry. I was like,
Gwenevere Abriel: I would say no. I'm like five is that on time, like how old you have to be early
Nicole Roybal: Right.
Nicole Roybal: All right. But yeah, my God wasn't a lot to yet that triple heart surgery had got to cancer. And like a lot. So both of them have been through a lot. So I just, I'm like so.
Nicole Roybal: Sensitive when it comes to
Nicole Roybal: When it comes to me. Yeah, I'm sorry about that. I just
Gwenevere Abriel: I know, I know what the difference
Nicole Roybal: You're taking it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Personally, as if I'm saying they're not important. You're not important, what you love is not important. I get it.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, exactly. That's all I kind of was like
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Um, let me just see.
Nicole Roybal: where we left off.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your connection just got
Bad
Nicole Roybal: Man Hey Ronnie chatter connected
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, see what you can do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Reading
Nicole Roybal: Hear me better. Uh huh. Okay. It just takes funny and I have like full bars on that one. So, okay, cool, cool, cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, let me just take a peek at
Gwenevere Abriel: Go to remind me. Alright, today.
Gwenevere Abriel: How many milligrams of the Gabba pet know you out. Are you at
Nicole Roybal: Yes. Okay. So I want to try and keep track here 15 and that's at to slash to 820 beautiful and
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to career. Okay, let's go down to that goal for a minute.
Gwenevere Abriel: We've got
Gwenevere Abriel: Just about. I'm not helping out that was in beginning of January.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me see. We got February 7 I should have a good job. Dad tells me all day. You should get one pushing
Gwenevere Abriel: It into my freakin brain. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sound familiar
Nicole Roybal: Yeah. Also, I realized
Nicole Roybal: Boyfriend has said in his head that he like have a good job. We just works at Walmart, but he feels like he's tough, but more like grown up job.
Nicole Roybal: And like I realized that's where I'm getting this idea from he keeps pushing in my brain that we both have to be
Nicole Roybal: In a good career by the time we're 30 or else it's all going to go to share something and I was telling him after their deals like you
Nicole Roybal: You're the reason why I think I have to be somewhere like now like right away, you know, and I'm like, you got to stop pushing me on that because I
Nicole Roybal: Gonna take a while like just expected to happen. And he's like, I know I'm not trying to say that, like, Yeah, but he puts it in my head. And now I'm like, stuck on it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why don't we just go to what is yours. It
Gwenevere Abriel: Sorry.
Nicole Roybal: You know, I know, I know.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's, let's just stick with what what you want.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, exactly, boyfriend. Boyfriend aside, you have your own mind.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, that's, I just wanted to let you know that that's where that idea came from and it drives me nuts screaming in my brain for years now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's, let's focus on you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to hear from you.
Gwenevere Abriel: What
Gwenevere Abriel: Efforts, you are taking what small bits of energy are going towards career.
Gwenevere Abriel: There may not be any that you can think of quickly. That's okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, about looking for them.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, let
Me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know you talk
Nicole Roybal: Okay. Recently, I mean I guess I haven't really been doing anything to take steps towards a career.
Nicole Roybal: Honestly, like, ever since this happened with my grandma and my only focus and it's only been like a week and a half, two weeks, but
Nicole Roybal: Just. That's my only focus down. I can't even think of anything else like all I think about her. So I'm not really taking any steps towards a career. Okay, anyway.
Nicole Roybal: For me right now.
Nicole Roybal: Um, but yeah, so I don't feel like I'm taking down
Nicole Roybal: Do that and then plus also, I don't even know what I want to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I understand what we meant to sit with that. Otherwise, the information is not going to come. We've got to be able to
Nicole Roybal: Like really, like, Oh, I can't hear you.
Can someone
Nicole Roybal: Just flying by ignored it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Changes the audio so you may want to hit, hit the mute button a time or two.
Nicole Roybal: Or even
Gwenevere Abriel: May have to log all the way out. If it doesn't get better.
Nicole Roybal: I can hear you. You're just like very low.
Gwenevere Abriel: All the way up, you may want to try
Nicole Roybal: I yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: I can try that you can help test test test test test test.
Gwenevere Abriel: Test test test.
Nicole Roybal: Test, test. There you go. Okay, I just got the audio and reconnect the audio.
Gwenevere Abriel: Great.
Sorry about
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, so you've got this time you're spending time with your grandparents. Now, how much are you smoking tobacco and we when you're over there.
Nicole Roybal: I don't smoke weed in there.
Nicole Roybal: I did tell them that I smoke cigarettes. Well, I didn't want to grow it to my grandfather and my grandmother kind of this like picked up on it.
Nicole Roybal: But I don't smoke that much like when I'm at my mom's I smoked like smoke a pack so easily. And I'm not like at the permit, I have to go outside to smoke, so I won't smoke as much in that my grandma's didn't want me smoking. So I'll smoke like
Nicole Roybal: I'll be there for like five, six hours only select your secrets with I'm on just one quick second cigarettes and that time. Right, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how did your grandparents respond when they found out
Nicole Roybal: My grandpa said that I'm a grown up and I'm my own person, and I make my own choices and
Nicole Roybal: That basically he can't stop me from doing what I'm going to do.
Nicole Roybal: But he doesn't like it and they are going to try to like
Nicole Roybal: This they told him. If I want to go outside and you guys know I'm going outside to smoke. I'm not gonna like you can't stop me like I'm going to do what I want. And he was just like, well, I gotta you not, but I can't tell you what to do. You're grown up, I'm not gonna die.
Nicole Roybal: You know what I mean like you can't tell me what to do.
Nicole Roybal: Once
Nicole Roybal: So many distractions. My cat was trying to come inside. She's cool
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me a little bit of, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me some of the jobs that you've had briefly don't go into much detail just
Nicole Roybal: Let's forget it. And I've worked at, okay, what was
Nicole Roybal: The last job, I worked. Was that a kidney specialist and then I worked at Sam's Club during the samples. Okay. And I worked at Subway.
Nicole Roybal: And Jersey Mike's which is another sub sandwich store, would you place would you do there. Well, that's when I am I first finished my schooling with a medical assistant thing. And so it was my externship at the end of it.
Nicole Roybal: And then with the externship ended up giving me the job because they liked me and then after a couple months.
Nicole Roybal: Uh, I was three minutes late, one day and she fired me
Nicole Roybal: And I don't know if I don't know if it had to do with drinking. So I don't know if they knew that sometimes I would drink on the job. I don't know, but she just said that.
Nicole Roybal: I wasn't working. No more and I need to get the Scout and check yelled at me like she yelled at me to get the hell out like I wasn't even doing nothing. She yelled, like, Oh, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's very valuable assisting sorry
Nicole Roybal: Sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Medical thing you went to school for it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You went to training. How many months. Did you go to training for this.
Nicole Roybal: Nine months.
Nicole Roybal: Like for like the schooling.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So tell me, did you like at least some of the work when you were doing it.
Nicole Roybal: I liked working with the patients, but then it's tough because like I only have a few minutes like a few answers. I'm just to check their blood pressure and stuff. And they're like,
Nicole Roybal: Oh, like older people, you know, and they all just want to like talk and share their stories and I'm like so interested in their stories, but I couldn't listen to them because at
Nicole Roybal: The room, you know,
Nicole Roybal: The doctor come see you and like, I don't know. I know that's that's a job. You can't be talking to people, but that's been something I've always done is I talk a lot.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you also said you like listening to their stories as well.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, exactly. Well, older people, they have so many good stories.
Nicole Roybal: So yeah, that's true.
Nicole Roybal: Okay, and that's that it was in trouble for to the
Gwenevere Abriel: Actual work the tasks involved in medical assisting
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you remember doing some of them and thinking oh hey I'm good at this. I like that. I'm good at it. And I feel capable and competent. Do you remember any of it.
Nicole Roybal: Now remember it all, but I just, I don't
Nicole Roybal: I learned how to do like a blood pressure, like a manual blood pressure at school. And then once I had the job. I couldn't get it right for nothing. It's been so long, like three weeks to find the ability to read someone's blood pressure correctly manually and
Nicole Roybal: Once I finally got it. I was happy. But then I like I'd always be like kind of guessing it okay and so honestly, it was like everything was just like a headache. It was just like
Gwenevere Abriel: Were you you were, you were drinking, obviously.
Nicole Roybal: During here in there. Yeah. Not every like
Nicole Roybal: In the morning, no. And then once I come back from lunch upstart not feeling good. So I drink like a shot. Yeah, sometimes more, depending. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, so the alcohol dependence was there so
Nicole Roybal: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't know yet is how your brain works as an adult in your ability to learn
Gwenevere Abriel: The, the problem with the marijuana is right. It's messing with your ability to retain information. So that's going to be a problem. But you're only going to know that through lived experience, but it does mess with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Without the
Gwenevere Abriel: We might be able to see
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, if you can learn things a little better and
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, my, my little brother places frickin game, and he yells lot all night.
Nicole Roybal: Thank you slept yet.
Gwenevere Abriel: So one thing I've heard so let's go over to Sam's Club. What did you like about kind of given out the samples or was there anything you liked about it.
Nicole Roybal: I really love that job. It was, I would, I could put together from what you're asking me is I
Nicole Roybal: Like talking to people because even when I worked at Dunkin Donuts and I had on my regulars. I was so sad and I lost that job because I miss my regular. It's like, and then even at Sam's Club my regulars.
Nicole Roybal: Just like people that are there all the time and just having conversations with people and just talking and just
Nicole Roybal: Because I know a lot of people are lonely and they don't have people to talk to. So sometimes I like to like do that, personally, like we can have a conversation. You know what I mean, like, I'll listen to your story.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. No, I'm not very subtle. What I'm doing here trying to figure out when some common ground is and try and see what direction you might check out. You may not know it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Until you get there and there's nothing wrong with going in and ruling it out. This isn't the place for me want to do something else. But you can get started in it. That would be a step towards
Gwenevere Abriel: A career something that's kind of exciting for you so you can already see that you tend to like older adults.
Gwenevere Abriel: You like listening you like being of service to people on an emotional level where you can listen to their stories and be available to them. What kind of curse can you think of that that would be a good fit.
Nicole Roybal: Caretaker but I don't want to wait but
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Nicole Roybal: That's like so you don't necessarily have to do that. But like any friend that I've had. They
Nicole Roybal: Ended up having to do that when they and even I've had. It's been a caretaker, they end up having that
Nicole Roybal: You know, and it's different. It's an adult. It's just do
Gwenevere Abriel: I get it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So in the medical industry. You've got your meeting with people all the time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you meet balance it a little bit by being able to have that kind of interaction with someone and
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe go back in some way, shape, or form to the medical field I
Nicole Roybal: didn't like it. I really don't like it. The doctors
Nicole Roybal: The doctors with down. I'm like, I don't know. They're just like the pope couple places I did work out there. And then I worked at
Nicole Roybal: Some other small office was on. It's like a week and both places. The doctors just like look down on you, like, Oh, your pay grade is so much lower like
Nicole Roybal: only talk to you when needed. Like, why don't you talk to you. Other than that, yeah, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't like the way the doctors treat me. I get it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Mr RW, one of the one of the neat things about going to
Gwenevere Abriel: Either a college or junior college is you have time to figure this what we're doing. We have time to figure it out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, is there still an interest to pursue that.
Nicole Roybal: Not really, honestly.
Gwenevere Abriel: You want to do a trade school instead
Nicole Roybal: Of it. Well, yeah, I want to go to see an M. And I don't know, I have to do all my prerequisites and then that'll give me time to figure out what actually want to go there for, but
Nicole Roybal: I already have $1,000 in school debt. So I don't want to go to CNN and then have more school debt, like, so that's why that's what's stopping me, honestly. Yeah.
Nicole Roybal: Okay, thousand dollars is a lot to oh
Gwenevere Abriel: How much you paying back on that.
Nicole Roybal: Nothing right now. So I'm not working. I got a
Nicole Roybal: Different difference or I don't know what it was, but something on my on the loan and
Gwenevere Abriel: You may want to consider looking into how much interest is being accrued on that $8,000, you may want to look into it. I know looking at things is a big piece of fright sobriety.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's uncomfortable, but it's a whole lot better. Once you get there and you find out the information
Nicole Roybal: Well, I look at my. Am I on tuition or something that website and I looked at it like a week ago and I don't know how to read all that stuff. And I looked at it and it says everything. But I don't know how to read it and I didn't know what a crude
Nicole Roybal: Would you say interesting is
Nicole Roybal: I don't know. They just said that basically after we do it every year after like 25 years or something. As long as I redo it every year, then like
Nicole Roybal: The payment will go down. And then at the end of the 25 years also have to pay whatever the rest is, I don't know. They said something weird I couldn't understand it. Exactly, exactly how I felt. I don't know what it means.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay it. That's my expression is not not knowing my expression.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is actually knowing
Gwenevere Abriel: So I highly encourage you to be informed 8000 can turn into 20,000
Really low
Gwenevere Abriel: Interest.
Gwenevere Abriel: They don't mind you deferring it because the interest is higher, which means
Nicole Roybal: Well, there's just something about that I could just go away like that. If I keep doing it, though. And I'm just going away, they'll pay itself off or something.
Gwenevere Abriel: Without you paying
Nicole Roybal: Yeah I know, Timmy sense to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah.
Exactly. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: More you need to be more informed.
Nicole Roybal: I didn't understand the thing. So it's like okay
It's not okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is a debt. This is your debt.
Gwenevere Abriel: I asked questions, you get someone on the phone and you you ask them, I don't understand what is the interest rate during the period of deferment
Gwenevere Abriel: After a year all end up owing how much, what will my new debt be if I keep this in deferment
Now,
Gwenevere Abriel: My point the overarching point here is if you don't understand something. This is your debt, not the guy on the phones.
Nicole Roybal: He doesn't
Gwenevere Abriel: Get it, you need to understand it because with understanding comes empowerment and choice.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it also notice how you're not making a payment on it, but you don't want another debt and
Nicole Roybal: Yeah I know, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, you're not making a payment on it. You're not even
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not feeling a debt.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not making a payment.
Nicole Roybal: Does that make sense, though, so I'm not caring about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But who cares if you get another one. You're not gonna make it so
Gwenevere Abriel: My about, hold on.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sometimes
Gwenevere Abriel: People work two and three jobs to pay down a debt. Listen, sometimes people work jobs and they go to school part time. Sometimes they work those jobs.
Gwenevere Abriel: And they only take a credit
Gwenevere Abriel: Or two at a time so that they don't go into debt. There's a lot of different ways to go about this.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it's a bit over simplified to say I don't want a debt. I'm not going back to school. Isn't it a little over simplified to say that
Nicole Roybal: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then what are you going to do
Gwenevere Abriel: You see,
Gwenevere Abriel: What, what's the alternative, what's your plan is anybody asking you and holding you to the fire here.
Nicole Roybal: No, but they should be
Gwenevere Abriel: Mothers not going to your dad's going to do this sweeping thing you need to get one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your, your grandparents, and I just heard it from the grandparents to they're going to say you're an adult work it out.
Gwenevere Abriel: It may be inconvenient. But at some point, you're going to need to take on one by one. You don't have to do all at once. Just one and make that call.
Gwenevere Abriel: Around the debt that's a step in in the adult responsible direction and it is unpleasant. But I'll tell you it does actually feel good to be like, I found on to the call.
Gwenevere Abriel: I kept asking clarification questions you do do it in therapy, you'll ask the doc you'll ask me, you asked, well, I have one more thing. One more thing. You have the skills necessary. Cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, well, it takes say there's just one word you said. Um, what does this word mean
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to make sure I'm not making it worse for myself if I keep deferring it what's going to happen after a couple years.
Gwenevere Abriel: Get getting information.
Nicole Roybal: I am I just say like Bill explain it to me, like, Oh, what's this blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Nicole Roybal: And I'm like, Well, what does that mean, and then they'll like get like all frustrated with me because they literally have to dumb it down like the simplest way for me to understand it.
Nicole Roybal: And I'm like, Okay, well, I still know what that means. There's, like, it means. And I said, same way. I'm like, I don't understand what you're saying you have to use like
Nicole Roybal: Elementary words here. Well, I don't understand, you know, I don't even know what deferment meant. Yeah, but
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what the internet is. You sure know how to look up something you're interested in
Nicole Roybal: Yeah. And like I said, I have to like account and I go to it online. But I don't know what any of it means okay
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I wish you had a parent that was helping. Yeah.
Nicole Roybal: I just, I knew what I was talking
Gwenevere Abriel: So differently deferment just means postpone
Nicole Roybal: Yeah. Mm hmm. It
Gwenevere Abriel: Doesn't mean it goes away.
Nicole Roybal: All I'm all look into that later maybe my mom might know more. I haven't ever asked her, honestly, so
Nicole Roybal: I
Gwenevere Abriel: What I'm concerned about is that
Gwenevere Abriel: If you keep deferring it
Gwenevere Abriel: The interest rate might be massive.
Nicole Roybal: It honors and made my credit score go up and I did that.
Nicole Roybal: Last to be good. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Gwenevere Abriel: Were you
Gwenevere Abriel: Not making payments know
Gwenevere Abriel: What what what Wait what, I don't know which answer you just gave me let me read
That
Gwenevere Abriel: Question. Where are you making on time payments to your student loan.
Nicole Roybal: When I was in school. Yeah, because you have to pay like 40 bucks a month, but then after I ended the schooling. I kind of stopped paying and then it was gonna go to collections all the $8,000 or whatever. So that's why I had to do not permit so sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your credit score, which is really important for the rest of your life.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was
Gwenevere Abriel: When you didn't make a payment. The deferment is not a windfall of happiness.
Nicole Roybal: It was
Nicole Roybal: Oops.
Gwenevere Abriel: You really need to get on the phone.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, I don't
Nicole Roybal: ever dealt with stuff like this. I don't even know nothing about it. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I'm glad we're talking about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, talk to
Gwenevere Abriel: Your grandparents. Talk to people about what is an interest mean and get on the internet and look it up.
Nicole Roybal: I know interest means I just didn't know like what accrued means
Nicole Roybal: Me and I didn't know they didn't tell me that the interest was going to go up over the years.
Gwenevere Abriel: A crew means up
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it will go up.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you will accrue additional debt.
Gwenevere Abriel: You need to make a call.
Nicole Roybal: Thank you. I'll make sure I figure that out. So
Nicole Roybal: look up the word
Nicole Roybal: Look up.
Gwenevere Abriel: look up the word you can look up
Gwenevere Abriel: Common, you know, interest rates, but you don't want to leave that conversation with that putts
Gwenevere Abriel: Get another putts on the phone that puts a supervisor get what I only care about you getting information. I don't care about their feelings. I don't care if they think you're, you're an idiot. It doesn't matter what people think.
Gwenevere Abriel: You need this information, just because they're impatient and they don't have the skills to teach. I don't care you need this information.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hi, Joe. So, okay, cool, cool, cool, Joe, I'm not getting off this phone until I get these three things. Number one, what's my interest rate right now. During my deferment period. Oh, it is.
Gwenevere Abriel: 15%. Oh, wow. Okay, so how much interest has accrued over this deferment period. Oh yeah, my dad has now gone up by $5,000 wow okay yeah it's um and
Gwenevere Abriel: So you got to ask these questions and you write down. What's my interest rate. What is my debt balance today, right.
Nicole Roybal: Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: You need to get real clear and
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't want to. Yeah, it's okay. Just get some information.
Gwenevere Abriel: Will take, you know,
Nicole Roybal: I'm just
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm just scared for us all.
Nicole Roybal: No, I understand why you stopped yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, now once you get, get your head wrapped around with that is, you know, then you'll make another decision, maybe there will be another call or maybe I'll ask. Oh gosh.
Gwenevere Abriel: I thought it meant this debt would go away over time.
Nicole Roybal: Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you can say, I wonder, I wonder why I thought that what what what did any. Does anybody ever say that are like
Nicole Roybal: Now they kind of said something like that. So I think it
Nicole Roybal: It said, after so many years that
Nicole Roybal: I don't know. I didn't understand what they meant honestly they said after like 25 years or 20 years I still like renew it every year that
Nicole Roybal: I want to pay nothing or that it will be down to like nothing, and I was have to pay like like minimum fee or something, I don't know.
Nicole Roybal: I have made no sense and also in the beginning of December and I'll still drinking. So that's all I can remember.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. And, and so, Nicole. Now you can pay attention to.
Gwenevere Abriel: This doesn't make. Yeah, you are. You are an intelligent woman, so don't minimize your, your intellect. You do know.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't have the any abbreviation of the alcohol. So just say just this one time and you can use, you have this style of communicating, which has this little giggle so you can use it to your advantage and say he one more time. Sorry.
Nicole Roybal: He right if I go to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I'm so silly. You know, whatever you gotta do to get, get your information.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, and so thank you for being so patient with me. Just one more time. If you could just say that last part of taking notes I'm gonna talk to my mom about it and you just persevere.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Going to see this person they're not coming to Turkey Day.
Gwenevere Abriel: They're not going to give you a hard time, who cares.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, I know.
Nicole Roybal: I know I'm like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nicole, it doesn't matter why therapy will get you there. It has to do with getting through that call paying attention that you get yourself nervous you worried about what people think tune into that and persevere.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're worth getting this information.
Yeah.
Nicole Roybal: There's, I guess I just
Nicole Roybal: hate feeling stupid, you know, they'll explain something to me. And then this. Wait, why don't I just, I was like, I don't know, I just like, I think I'm stupid. Me and i'm not i know i'm i know i'm very intelligent actually know a lot of big words but
Nicole Roybal: No I when it comes to this whole student loan stuff. I don't know nothing, Nicole.
Gwenevere Abriel: None of us do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Listen to me. None of us do.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know the words. It's called esoteric is this big fancy word which means in every profession. There's a shit ton of words that we didn't read I got, I got a whole wall, full of books that I've read, but I didn't know the worst before I read them. I don't look them up upon
Gwenevere Abriel: And now I got this whole new book neuro interception. I'm like, What kind of nonsense is this good grief.
Nicole Roybal: Work.
Gwenevere Abriel: And to me, it's the same thing as empathy. I'm like, I'm going to ask me, what's the difference between these two things I don't feel stupid.
Gwenevere Abriel: Give yourself permission. They're, they're just a word and some people create these fancy, fancy words just to try and make more money off of us, and they're making them up.
Nicole Roybal: Right and
Gwenevere Abriel: every profession has it attorney has it.
CPA.
Gwenevere Abriel: Even a bartender is going to have some words that we don't even know what they are. It doesn't make you stupid.
Nicole Roybal: So learning is right.
Nicole Roybal: For
Gwenevere Abriel: Learning needs to be okay with you. It's okay. I'm learning.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, sure. I guess I gotta remember that remembering it. That's
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the difficult thing. It's your style to
Gwenevere Abriel: To not you just don't you you you go to this is, this is an uncomfortable moment and you get yourself anxious right away but
Gwenevere Abriel: You're missing out.
Gwenevere Abriel: On on some life and it's I think it's time to get into it.
Nicole Roybal: Oh god.
Gwenevere Abriel: Test test test.
Yep.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ah shoot
Nicole Roybal: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Test test test.
Nicole Roybal: Okay, yes, we're good. It was bright her health. I don't know why they're calling me
Nicole Roybal: They know it's weird.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um okay so
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, what would be a step that you'd like to take that you feel proud of doesn't have to be a big one to someone
Nicole Roybal: I don't know, like
Nicole Roybal: Okay, so like I want to start going to see an M. I'm like the community college here, but I don't
Nicole Roybal: Actually call those pre requisites
Nicole Roybal: I feel like, by the time I'm done with all my projects that
Nicole Roybal: I want to go to school tomorrow. So generally this. I don't want to do it like once I'm able to actually start the classes. I want to take to
Nicole Roybal: Go towards whatever career. I'm going to want I don't know how that is yet but
Nicole Roybal: I just
Nicole Roybal: Sucks. I picked up Rex and that's why I guess it's I kind of put that would be a good step for me to take, I should do, but I just don't want to. That's what I should do it. I don't want to do it.
Nicole Roybal: So I'm scared of it. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now the scared part I can't quite tell whether it's I'm scared. I will. So hold on. Don't answer me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Scared all be bored I'm scared. I'll take mass language. And I've already made up my mind that that will be a waste of time, I will have wasted time and money and I still won't know what I want to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice how I played out two things you could be afraid of. It could be any number of things.
Nicole Roybal: But
Gwenevere Abriel: Both of those don't exist right now.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm telling you.
Gwenevere Abriel: You are no different than every other person.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're no different. We don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: You didn't know when you when you got to your grandparents house, how is this going to be, how am I going to be their advocate. How is this going to go how you didn't know when you went and you did this.
Gwenevere Abriel: This externship how's this going to go. How's this good. We don't know till we get there.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you operate, not knowing. Watch. Don't say anything just yet. If you can tolerate not knowing I am learning
Gwenevere Abriel: You can tolerate that.
Nicole Roybal: Oh my god, that's why with drinks, I'd be so scared.
Nicole Roybal: Of not knowing I just go to let me drink and I'll just, I can handle any situation is on some junk junk.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm learning.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, there's so much freedom in there, Nicole. I'm learning. You're learning in here with us. You're here.
Nicole Roybal: That's insane. Oh, that's what it was. That's what made me feel the need to drink is I was scared of not knowing what's going to happen. You just like open my eyes like whoa, that's what it was. I was nervous.
Nicole Roybal: And that made me want to drink and then not knowing. Oh my god, but not knowing that is the main thing. Excuse me.
Nicole Roybal: With with the job, my grandparents, I kind of already knew.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know either.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Meaning I kid you not. What if I don't have clients, how will I pay for things
Gwenevere Abriel: How do I know that I'm going to spend two years in a master's degree and I'm going to be any darn good at it. How do I know I don't, I'm not God and
Gwenevere Abriel: It's ridiculous to think we can predict the future. I don't have a crystal ball. Not it was do it is very human of you it's human of your brain to want to go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, this is dangerous. This is going to get us in trouble. This is going to bring rejection. This is also stupid over here. I'm not going to even try. Don't even go there. I get what the brain does
Gwenevere Abriel: But that's not the only part of the brain that you have access to. You have this up here, which can use logic and it can say to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: No one can tell the future. What you do is you do the best you can. You give it your all and then you check it off the list as well that when I didn't like
Gwenevere Abriel: Me go talk to these people. I kind of like myself and I was hanging out with with older folks. So maybe I'll do a job that has to do with that. But more administrative so that I'm not dealing with poop.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's important. Nicole that might be all it takes is just sort of saying there's and of course there's jobs that meet that but we don't know what to call them yet because
Gwenevere Abriel: We're not in the field. We're not getting our hands in it. We got to get our hands in and be talking to people and in when you're in school or doing a job, then you get to find out, it gets out. Wasn't that one who this one was really close.
Gwenevere Abriel: This yeah this was really close to what I want to do.
All my
Nicole Roybal: My older sister was time because I'm how I've been like cooking for my grandma like you should show food and stuff and
Nicole Roybal: They ate some of my food. And it was just like meat and potatoes like ground beef and potatoes and then I don't know.
Nicole Roybal: Simple things. But anyway, they're just like, oh my god. Like you could really good. My sister is Tommy, what do you think about getting into cooking.
Nicole Roybal: She's like, she's like trying to help me find my career, you know, and I'm like, I don't. I love cooking now and I don't want to pursue it as a career and then end up hating it
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, you just did that with school too.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, exactly. And I don't want to, well,
Nicole Roybal: With the medical system thing I didn't
Gwenevere Abriel: Know, no, no, no, no, no. The I will hate it.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah.
Nicole Roybal: I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: You lost focus you lost
Nicole Roybal: My little brother.
Nicole Roybal: got distracted. Yeah.
Nicole Roybal: Nobody. Well, I don't want to end up eating it. Because like I said, I love it. And it's something I'm passionate about. But I don't want to do it and then hate it. Okay, sorry such repeated or
Nicole Roybal: I'm sorry. No, sorry. Did someone once
Gwenevere Abriel: You have this is shown up before this is, I don't know. I don't know that I've seen this one before. You've really brought some an interesting phenomenon here.
Nicole Roybal: And she was saying that she like it like it like started like a food, Chuck, or even I could be like a head chef like Monica from friends or something.
Nicole Roybal: And my best friend. Tiffany that I've talked about before she has a food chef. Then she doesn't get started because her
Gwenevere Abriel: What, why, why do you smoke marijuana, you might end up painting it, why are you talking to a therapist, you might end up hating it
Gwenevere Abriel: Why do you wear cute little under things I might. I might end up hating it. Why do I
Gwenevere Abriel: Boyfriend I might end up hating him this logic is like I literally don't understand it. You've got yourself one that has completely immobilized you
Gwenevere Abriel: It, it makes no sense to me. I don't think I've run across one of those before you're going to have to teach me. I'm going to be learning from you about what that is.
Nicole Roybal: It's the only thing that's so anything I feel that way about too is, I don't know why.
Nicole Roybal: And what you just said. Makes sense. Like, you don't know anything's gonna end up. I just don't want to end up doing it and then
Nicole Roybal: When I come home. I don't want to cook. So I've been cooking all day.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what
Nicole Roybal: I have to do when I come on
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't
Gwenevere Abriel: Know, you know,
Nicole Roybal: I guess I'm looking at my relationship again, Daniel.
Nicole Roybal: says yes I have dinner every night.
Nicole Roybal: And he's not grown up enough to make himself.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you did this same belief system with school just a little bit by take classes I might end up hating that I took classes like you that that does apply also with school you use that same kind of thing with school to
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't quite understand it. I got more learning to do with you I'm
Nicole Roybal: Sure I'll complicated one.
Gwenevere Abriel: But do you want to understand it.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, of course I did.
Nicole Roybal: Feel so lost and everything. Of course I do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you willing to be a little uncomfortable if it means that you find something that you enjoy doing.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, well, yeah, I feel like that's kind of the price you have to be uncomfortable to get to the place where you're very comfortable. Like, not necessarily. It's just kind of like a metaphor I guess in China.
Nicole Roybal: Russia right
Gwenevere Abriel: It has to do with delayed gratification. You know, you go to school, you get a training. You do know how to do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you drank yourself through it. This one, this next one will be you being okay so your big moment today had to do with I can enjoy being a student and learning.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, and actually, when I was in school. I really loved it. I left school like I could largest but it was like more of like being involved with like for like the pep rallies and stuff like that but
Nicole Roybal: I did like learning and I was always really good as long as I was sober. But when I went to valley. I didn't know I wouldn't smoke weed at school. I'd say so. We're all day and then I go home, do my homework. And then so be it. After that was like my reward and I know, I know.
Nicole Roybal: I had straight A's that whole time when I wasn't smoking weed during school out. I did so good in school and then I went to Brooklyn with for the medical I was drinking all the time. So I got straight A's. The whole time, but I was drinking. I don't remember. None of it now. Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's, let's, let's put a pin in this this session today, but really hold on to maybe the the discomfort for you the stretching the growth point for you is
Gwenevere Abriel: The students and for now. It might be just a call on a student trying to understand my debt.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not stupid. It's just, these are big words and I you know I really have kind of been in some denial, but I'm really trying to get myself informed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Adults talk like that. That's okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Give yourself permission to talk like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Same the same thing. It took with the primary care physician. So what you didn't know you haven't had anybody guiding you. Why do you give yourself such a hard time for crying out loud.
Nicole Roybal: I don't know, I just thought to myself,
Gwenevere Abriel: You just haven't had anybody teaching you along the way you're
Gwenevere Abriel: You give yourself a hard time about not knowing something that you never learned. Give yourself a break. You're learning it now.
Gwenevere Abriel: You, you're going to get what you want. I have every bit of faith. It's just you're in your own way.
Nicole Roybal: I just, I guess, because I always pride myself on like
Nicole Roybal: Like around like my family or like Daniel or whatever, like I
Nicole Roybal: I always know like these bigger words and I always use different words. And I was like, what that will that mean and I still so smart. So whenever I don't feel smart. I feel like this small. I'm like, I know I'm smart, why the hell do I do, I notice I should know this.
Nicole Roybal: Again,
Nicole Roybal: Get mad at myself for not knowing it, but it's like, like you said, that's what like learning is you have to like that's what new things. Are you have to learn
Nicole Roybal: It's exciting. Yeah. And I don't know I get so mad at myself for not knowing
Gwenevere Abriel: You just said it, you said this is I've carved out this tiny little space in my family that I get to have value with knowing these words.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so it's being threatened.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's carve out carve out a different identity.
Gwenevere Abriel: See if you can see white being the student for life, enjoy learning
Gwenevere Abriel: What if that's your identity. Now guess what, when someone says, Oh, you don't know this now. It's not a threat anymore. Now, it's like, Oh, good. Watch, Nicole. Now I get to learn something right now. Oh boy. It's very different. It's no longer threatening.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know if it's just by saying that's going to make a difference, but maybe we'll can do some work.
Nicole Roybal: On that next time. Oh, I heard no was writing it down, what you're saying.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's different to hear it, then, to actually feel it.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Give yourself a chance and do a little one by maybe giving those folks a call and sitting with
Gwenevere Abriel: That discomfort of not knowing all those terms and giving yourself permission to ask three and four times. I know, I know I'm going to be your toughest call today. Could you do
Gwenevere Abriel: More time, talk to me like I'm a fifth grader. You can do it. Come on now.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so let's say you're going to be in group on Tuesday. And do you want to stick with this timing or do you want to make a change on the timing of individual therapy like maybe when you're
Nicole Roybal: Not perfect
Gwenevere Abriel: But what about when you're any chance you could
Gwenevere Abriel: Be at your grandparents or no.
Nicole Roybal: No Fridays. My mom goes over there. So I'm good on Fridays, and then Thursday. Oh no, to 6am nervous. Okay, well,
Nicole Roybal: I don't, I don't like
Nicole Roybal: The group on Tuesday. And that's why I keep trying to, like, I don't know, because I started off in the group on Thursday, and I've told you guys this and I, I just, I like the people better on Thursday.
Nicole Roybal: I just said Tuesday I started off on Thursday. And I'm not trying to, I still go on to this I problem but i i like to people better on Thursday I like, I like that group.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I understand. It is good chemistry, um, let me see if I if I can pull it off, let me let me talk. Let me see if there's enough people to make that a possibility. Okay.
Nicole Roybal: If not, it's totally fine. Like, I don't mind, I'll go to these dates. I'm not trying to like you know like what I did this week. I'm sorry, so sorry about that. I know you got mad at me for that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well I it's not mad. It has to do with um
Nicole Roybal: I didn't even email on schedule. That's just like
Gwenevere Abriel: It has to do with this concept of people that are working a program are used to kind of hustling and kind of like running their own deal and they don't kind of pay attention to this to other and so what ends up happening is
Gwenevere Abriel: You think I just can go anywhere and do anything but you have an impact on other people. And typically in addiction. There isn't an awareness of that and so
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what that was about. It had to do with unfortunately the inconvenience of checking in and saying I you're doing it now. You're doing the part about I really prefer the people in Thursday. But here's the deal. Those people won't stay the same.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's about the people were in a conundrum here, people won't stay the same. Notice how several of them weren't there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so
Nicole Roybal: I haven't seen her in a while. That's one of the ones I really liked
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, because they're on a different schedule. Their further down, it may be coming every other week, or maybe monthly
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. That's, yeah. So if it's just people were in a pickle because they're not gonna, it's not gonna it's they're open groups. Oh, I got a new job. Now I need to be going to the 7am group or I need to go. So it changes.
Nicole Roybal: That's very true. I guess. There's just, there's just like the three people. I guess is that I'm in Thursday group that I like. And I guess I kind of like miss them in a way, you know, I mean,
Gwenevere Abriel: I get it.
Nicole Roybal: Because they don't get any really good advice, but I'm
Nicole Roybal: Also, I'm sorry, just one more thing also Tuesday 7am this last Tuesday.
Nicole Roybal: They told me how to do my peak up and I can't do my group until I do my pika some friends. I didn't have my peak up with me says here, my mom's
Nicole Roybal: And so yesterday before group. I literally did it right before group. And so that was another reason why I couldn't really make it because they told me I had to do that. And that's my own problem. I should have took the responsibility and came and got it and did it and I didn't
Nicole Roybal: So there is an added as to why couldn't
Gwenevere Abriel: Show up right it's probably
Gwenevere Abriel: This other one which has to do seven in the morning is inconvenient for someone who's not a morning person.
Nicole Roybal: I
Gwenevere Abriel: And I didn't have my cup.
Gwenevere Abriel: And yes, it would be lovely. If it was this other these other people were there, but I happen to know they're not going to be there. A lot of the time.
Nicole Roybal: I think that inconveniencing me though, like do going on Tuesday is a good thing because like you said, you gotta like
Nicole Roybal: I gotta start getting used to get up early, so
Nicole Roybal: I still, I don't have to go to my grandparents on the weekends like 1112 you know as I still could wake up late.
Gwenevere Abriel: I gotta
Gwenevere Abriel: I gotta jump out of here, but let us do it.
Nicole Roybal: But I guess it's a good thing. So I'll go Tuesday.
Gwenevere Abriel: So a couple more weeks where you're attending 7am on Tuesdays.
Nicole Roybal: Let me see.
Gwenevere Abriel: If I can find another space that might open up, but I love what you did today. I'm really proud of you.
Gwenevere Abriel: You you own that responsibility part instead of getting defensive right and getting mad at me, which you could
Nicole Roybal: Might be interested in doing.
That
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, right. Well, it's my grandma and I'm not budging. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: I get it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I get all of it, but I'm proud of you for looking at another layer of it which is I probably do need to take some responsibility. And at some point, I'm going to have to do these parts and it's it's hard it's
Gwenevere Abriel: Hard. I got you. It is
Gwenevere Abriel: OK, but there's going to be you're getting those some real perks to it, too. Okay, I highly recommend it. It's fun over here.
Gwenevere Abriel: The, the water is fresh over here it's warm and sunny, there are good days to being an adult, I promise is good also
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, so we're meeting again next Friday at the same time. Yes. Okay. Just wanted to be sure before we leave.
Gwenevere Abriel: Real quick, do I need to send a message about medicine or no.
Nicole Roybal: No, no, I won't get on that.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, I'll see you on Tuesday.
Nicole Roybal: Okay, thank you. Have a good one. Bye bye.